=== Page 29 ===
2024 Investor Presentation  (slide 21)   
Script of Video Presentation ‘Coronado Steel Starts Here’    
Thursday 20 February 2025  
2023 Annual General Meeting of Stockholders:  
Script of Video Presentation entitled ‘Coronado AGM Video’   
Thursday 25 May 2023  
 Coronado Global Resources Inc.       Level 33, Central Plaza One, 345 Queen Street  
ARBN: 628 199 468         Brisbane QLD 4000  
          
T:  +61 7 3031 7777 | F: +61 7 3229 7402  
www.coronadoglobal.com  
At Coronado Global Resources, STEEL STARTS HERE.  
The world’s reliance on met coal remains crucial, and Coronado is a key supplier of this essential commodity. 
In 2024, we continued to invest in organic growth and emissions reduction projects, laying a strong foundation 
for long -term value creation for our shareholders while ensuring the sustainability of our business for decades 
to come. As steel demand grows, met coal is positioned to continue to play an integral role in in frastructure 
development and the energy transition globally. Recognised as a critical resource, we expect met coal to remain 
a cornerstone of global steel production and the world's expanding energy needs.  
We are diligently delivering on our strategic priorities, positioning Coronado to meet the rising demand for raw 
materials as the global energy transition continues. Steel remains vital to global infrastructure and energy goals, 
driving the need for high -quality met coal. With ten separate mines operating across three major complexes in 
Australia and the USA, we  are built for scale and positioning - ensuring a reliable supply to expand progress 
and support global aspirations. This is why we exist.  
In Australia, at our Curragh Complex, we’ve successfully continued to execute the One Curragh Plan, improving 
efficiency and streamlining operations into three mines - Curragh North, Curragh South, and Mammoth 
Underground Mine. The optimisation of Curragh N orth and Curragh South into efficient dragline operations has 
already exceeded expectations.  With this resilient platform in place, our focus now shifts to driving further 
productivity gains and maximising long -term potential.  
The Mammoth Underground Mine is now operational , adding up to 2 million tonnes of capacity to the Curragh  
Complex. Mammoth has a reserve base of 41 million ROM tonnes, accessed via the existing open -cut highwall 
in S-Pit. First coal was cut ahead of schedule on 19 December 2024, marking a major milestone in production.  
Mammoth’s development extends beyond phase one , studies are underway for a phase 2 and phase 3 
expansion - each planned to unlock further value. Even in its initial stage, the Mammoth mine offers substantial 
upside as production ramps up. This achievement is expected to deliver long -term value for sha reholders 
through lower cost production, increased margins and expandability, positioning Mammoth as a key driver of 
future growth and increasing supply to meet global demand.  
In the U.S.,  at Buchanan, we’ve also made significant strides in executing our growth plans . The Buchanan 
expansion is planned to be a major contributor to our U.S. target of 7 million tonnes  saleable production 
per year. Progress on the B uchanan expansion project is on track  to be fully operational in June 2025 and is  
expected to increase tonnage and productivity through expanded storage and hoisting capacity, delivering a 
significant boost in saleable production. The construction of a second set of skips is moving forward, with shaft 
excavation and concrete lining now  finished. With the additional Southern Longwall District in production  
since January 2024, the expanded coal stockpile space is expected to drive further productivity improvements.  
Following the success of our first Ventilation Air Methane (VAM) unit at Vent Shaft 16, we’ve completed the 
second unit at Vent Shaft 18. As an industry leader in the use of VAM -RTO technology, this unit is already 
contributing to emissions reduction at Buchanan , helping us make significant progress toward our targets. 
We will continue to assess the potential for a third unit during 2025 yielding further opportunities to reduce our 
emissions across our business.  
Looking ahead, as we complete the ramp up of our Mammoth Underground Mine and Buchanan expansion in 
2025, we continue to the next phase of our plans.  Operationally, we see 2025 as a catalyst for growth as the 
successful execution of our plans are realised.  We will continue to look at opportunities to further grow the 
business organically and inorganically. In 2027, we anticipate the completion of our legacy Stanwell 
arrangements, which could enable us to grow our exports by a further 1 million tonnes per yea r at a reduced 
cost. We are poised to capitalise on the supply -demand Met coal imbalance expected between now and 2050 
through our abundant permitted resources and strategic plans.  
Through strategic investments and operational advancements, Coronado is not only meeting the world’s 
increasing demand for metallurgical coal but also driving progress across infrastructure and energy sectors. 
With a strong foundation in place, we are focu ssed on delivering sustainable returns for our investors, ensuring 
a reliable supply of critical resources, and shaping the future of global industries.  
This is how we build value - by turning vision into action, ensuring our continued success, and powering a 
resilient, sustainable future for all.  
At Coronado, STEEL STARTS HERE.