=== Page 24 ===
Environmental stewardship
MMG strives to protect communities and natural habitats by minimising  
our mining footprint in the regions where we operate. 
115.46  TL
Total water recycled13,488  tonnes
Non-mineral waste recycled 14% 
Reduction in scope 2 
emissions from 2023 to 2024
0
Level 4 and above  
environmental incidents47 ,173  MWh
Energy consumed from  
solar power74.31%
Lease area not disturbed by 
operating activities 
24
MMG Sustainability Report 2024Overview People and communities Environmental stewardship Trusted and responsible producer

=== Page 30 ===
We see opportunities and potential to be part of the 
global energy shift, as the minerals and metals MMG 
produces are essential for sustainable technologies 
including solar and wind power, electric vehicles, 
energy storage and critical infrastructure. All of this 
will help contribute to a low carbon future. Minimising 
our environmental footprint is a key part of our goal 
to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050 for 
Scopes 1 and 2.
Our operations are committed to reducing their 
energy use and improving efficiency on site, with 
Khoemaca u and Las Bambas actively exploring options 
to develop renewable energy sources for operational 
requirements. Dugald River’s solar farm, which 
came online in 2023, has reduced energy-related 
emissions by over 30 per cent. We are also supporting 
governments in the regions in which we operate to 
review efficiency and stability of grid electricity, such 
as in the DRC, which faces stability challenges with its 
electricity grid that is primarily fed by renewable power. 
We are also constantly improving the quality of our 
emissions data, with a dedicated project in 2025 to 
work with our Supply Chain and Enterprise Technology 
teams on improving Scope 3 emissions data. This 
will give us more accurate data on our upstream and 
downstream emissions profiles and the ability to take 
strategic decisions as we work towards our 2050 goals. Energy and climate change action
We recognise the impacts and risks that climate change poses to our operations,  
our host communities and regions.
Case study:  
Rosebery invests  
in diesel-electric loaders
As we move towards a lower-carbon future,  
our operations need to adopt new technologies 
to meet our climate commitments. Our Rosebery 
operation has invested in diesel-electric vehicles 
to reduce its carbon footprint. In the initial two-
month trial, the loaders reduced emissions, used 
56 per cent less fuel and generated 15 per cent 
less heat, which in turn reduced refrigeration 
requirements underground. They also considerably 
reduced the diesel particulate matter emissions 
underground, promoting safer workplace 
conditions for our people. This initiative not only 
addresses environmental concerns but also offers 
cost savings, showcasing a balanced approach to 
sustainability and operational efficiency.Downstream processing  2,031,640.60Total emissions
tCO2eScope 3 
emissions
tCO2e
Downstream T&D  42,585.35
Fuel and energy  255,715.69
Scope 3 spend-based  440,840.64
Upstream T&D  137 ,094.17
Waste             6,508.73 Scope 1 648,866.40
Scope 2 315,043.80
Scope 3 2,914,385.18Scope 2
8%
Scope 3
75%
Scope 1
17%
*  MMG undertook a Scope 3 materiality assessment and only 
material emissions categories were considered in Scope 3.
Overview People and communities Environmental stewardship Trusted and responsible producer
MMG Sustainability Report 2024
30

=== Page 34 ===
We work hard to reduce and reuse products on our 
sites, recycling and repurposing where we can. Our 
sites have dedicated waste management and product 
stewardship plans in place, based on their specific 
regulatory and commodity requirements. We constantly 
look for opportunities to improve these plans and 
become more resilient in managing our waste. 
We are proud that the minerals we mine directly 
contribute to meeting the global population’s 
increasing need for new, sustainable technologies 
and infrastructure. This includes demand for clean 
energy technologies, including electric vehicles, solar 
power and batteries. A lower-carbon future is only 
possible with a dramatic increase in the production 
of copper, zinc and other key materials produced. 
However, achieving this will require striking a delicate 
balance between mass production and ensuring the 
sustainability of our ecosystems and supply chains. 
We sell our products to a global customer base and 
work closely with our customers to deliver value.  
We promote the responsible use and recovery of our 
products once they enter global markets through our 
involvement in specialist organisations, such as the 
ICMM and its Tools for Circularity. Circular economy
We are aware of how our mining life cycle directly contributes to the circular economy,  
through the mining, processing, reusing and ultimate consumption of the minerals we produce. 
Case study:  
Efficient composting at Las Bambas
Approximately 1.5 tonnes of raw organic waste 
are generated daily at Las Bambas. In 2024, 
the operation undertook a pilot project to turn 
this into compost. 
Training for our people and waste segregation 
plans improved waste management, ensuring 
the right waste was being transferred to 
the composting site. Through trial and error, 
the operation was able to optimise the 
composting process with forced aeration 
from four months to just 45 days, which 
is a positive result considering the low 
temperatures and low oxygen levels at the 
altitude where Las Bambas is located. This 
enhanced efficiency and product quality, while 
reducing odours and emissions. During 2024, 
452 tonnes of waste was processed. The 
compost will be used across the operation  
in green areas, with ongoing tests on cooked 
waste and vermiculture to expand the project 
in 2025. 
Overview People and communities Environmental stewardship Trusted and responsible producer
MMG Sustainability Report 2024
34