=== Page 14 ===
Our reporting in our Annual Report 
continues to evolve in line with this commitment, as we strive for greater transparency and accountability each year.
The integrated report also helps position us for 
mandatory climate reporting, a requirement that came into effect for some larger companies on 1 January 2025, and under which we will report in the near future. 
In FY25, we advanced our investment in  
the Zero Net Emissions from Agriculture Cooperative Research Centre (CRC), completed our Rangelands Carbon by Satellite project, and made real progress in understanding and improving the condition of our land and natural assets. Our work with leading universities is helping shape the dialogue on nature
‑led pr
actices in the 
agriculture sector. 
Perhaps most significant is the results we 
are now seeing from our extended program of implementing more sustainable grazing practices. Our satellite forage budgeting program and sustainable stocking model were introduced more than five years ago and there have been visible improvements in the condition of large parts of our landscapes over that time. That has translated into our best ever productivity results, while reducing our impact on nature and the climate.
We have talked in previous reports about  
our desire to have a beneficial impact on nature where possible, and we have expanded our disclosures over time to provide greater transparency on how  we are working towards that aim.
Our people
The success of our vast local and global supply chain would not be possible without our people. We are intentional in the investments made towards programs  which deliver on our People Promise,  of AACo being an extraordinary place  to work. This year, we have continued to support diversity, inclusion and belonging, leadership and capability development,  whilst promoting respect and safety at work.  At AACo, extraordinary doesn’t just live  in what we produce – it lives in the people who make it happen.Outlook
AACo is well positioned to enter the next phase of its growth. In the years ahead, we will continue to build on our strengths, deliver against our Purpose and Vision, and execute against our strategy. We will do this by focusing on expanding high
‑va
lue beef 
sales, driving productivity and exploring  and unlocking adjacent opportunities that leverage our unique assets and expertise  to create additional value for the business. We expect continued progress in FY26 as  we remain disciplined, customer
‑fo
cused  
and values ‑led
.
Two hundred years of continuous operation is a rare achievement. But history’s significance largely lies in what it teaches  us about today and how it points to where  we are going tomorrow and beyond.  What matters most is not that AACo has lasted and what it has achieved, it’s that  we have evolved and endured, and that  we are purposeful about where we are  going and what we are doing next. 
Our renewed Purpose, Vision and Values, 
together with our strategy, sit on the strong foundations of a resilient business model,  a sophisticated operation and a committed team of people. Our focus now is to execute on the opportunities available to us.  On behalf of the Board and Executive Team, thank you for your support as we take AACo into its next century.
Yours sincerely,
Donald McGauchie AO
Chairman
David Harris
Managing Director and CEOChair and CEO’s Report 11For personal use only

=== Page 41 ===
Sustainability foundations and strategy
Our Sustainability Framework, first 
introduced in our FY22 Sustainability Report, continues to serve as a critical foundation of AACo’s broader business strategy. While our core approach to sustainability remains consistent, our activities and initiatives are evolving in step with advancements in technology, data, and industry knowledge.
Guided by our three enduring pillars – 
Reimagining Agriculture, Valuing Nature, and Thriving Communities – we remain committed to driving meaningful outcomes for our business, the environment, and the communities in which we operate. 
As operators of one of Australia’s largest 
cattle herds and landholdings, we recognise the extent of our environmental footprint and aim for ongoing meaningful action. Some of those actions are detailed in the Nature & Climate Highlights section later in this report.
Our commitment to sustainability is 
long-term and focused on measurable progress. Whether through emissions reduction, improved land condition, or biodiversity monitoring, our goal is to align environmental performance with commercial resilience. 
The maturing of our sustainability approach 
has led to many aspects being embedded in our daily business activities. Sustainability is not a siloed function at AACo – it is integrated across leadership and operations. The Environment & Sustainability team works closely with station managers to implement strategy on the ground, applying new technologies and incorporating enterprise -level insights to inform both 
commercial and environmental outcomes.
Our Sustainability Framework also serves 
as our roadmap, helping us to track our progress and uphold the high standards we have set for ourselves and those our various stakeholders expect. We plan to continue to invest in science, partnerships, and innovation to help support our landscapes – and the communities and markets that depend on them – to thrive into the future.SustainabilityAnnual Report 2025Australian Agricultural Company Limited38For personal use only

=== Page 43 ===
Nature & Climate 
Highlights
Sustainability is deeply embedded 
in our operations. During FY25, we have continued to make progress in our commitment to sustainability. 
Building climate resilience
Since 2019, we have implemented a 
sustainable stocking model, supported by satellite assisted forage budgeting and advanced pasture analytical technologies that our team of Rangelands specialists have developed. This approach stabilises cattle numbers and aligns stocking decisions with real-time environmental conditions.The benefits of this model are already evident across large parts of our landscape, including:
•Improved pasture health and 
rainfall responsiveness
•Enhanced landscape condition leading to carbon sequestration
•Improved animal efficiency leadingto reduced emissions footprint
•More consistent productivity and supply to market•Better protection of our genetic assets and our animals’ welfare
•Improved operational efficiency over time
This sustainable grazing program is a cornerstone of our business strategy to build nature and climate resilience. It supports year-round market supply while reducing the impact of droughts and seasonal variability and improving the condition of nature in our care – benefiting both commercial outcomes and environmental performance.Annual Report 2025Australian Agricultural Company Limited40For personal use only

=== Page 44 ===
Rangelands Carbon 
by Satellite project
A key milestone this year was the 
completion of our Rangelands Carbon by Satellite project. This multi-year initiative has significantly advanced our capacity to estimate and track changes in carbon stocks across our landscapes–in soil, pasture and woody biomass. The project, completed in February 2025, generated over 40,000 soil data points across over 2,250 cores, making it one of the largest soil sampling programs ever undertaken in northern Australia.
We can now:• Assess historical carbon change 
across our land holdings
• Model future carbon scenarios 
under different climate and 
management regimes
•Identify high -opportunity areas for 
carbon sequestration based on current carbon levels and storage potential
These capabilities open the door to future carbon projects under the Clean Energy Regulator, enable future opportunities to inset carbon captured in our landscape against our annual emissions, support our sustainability reporting, and provide insight into landscape health and management priorities.
This project also demonstrated, for the first 
time in Australia’s rangelands, a statistically significant relationship between land condition and soil carbon. While further refinement is needed, this finding is a breakthrough in quantifying landscape resilience and confirms a relationship between our management actions and the ability of the landscape to sequester carbon.Natural Capital: 
Measuring what matters
This year, we completed an ecological 
condition assessment process using the Accounting for Nature framework, covering approximately 1.29 million hectares of high-value conservation assets. 
These include wetlands, floodplains, watercourses, and native grasslands. Working with ecological experts, we collected intensive on-ground assessments of vegetation condition, calibrated to drone data and extrapolated across the landscape with ~95% confidence. This data is now being reviewed and a suite of externally verified and audited accounts based on these assessments are due to be released in FY26.
This allows us to:• Track the condition of critical 
ecosystems
• Monitor the impact of our land 
management practices
• Set benchmarks for continuous 
improvement
We are also expanding our monitoring into 
other areas of biodiversity and ecosystem health, including the development of eDNA technology, camera traps, and acoustic monitoring. These innovations will enhance our ability to assess species richness and broader ecological outcomes over time.Sustainability
41For personal use only

=== Page 45 ===
AACo completed a lifecycle assessment 
of its GHG emissions footprint, or product carbon footprint (PCF), for both liveweight turnoff and post-processing boxed beef. Adjustments to previous year’s PCF have been made to reflect changes to the feedlot enteric methane measurement methodology and values.
• AACo’s liveweight turnoff PCF was 
11.2kg CO
2-e/kg liveweight turnoff 
after feedlot in FY25. This remained 
steady compared to the previous year’s adjusted liveweight turnoff PCF. Reductions driven by the improved herd performance associated with good seasonal conditions and improved production processes, were offset by an increase in cull beef sales, which have a higher emissions per kilograms of beef output. AACo’s liveweight turnoff PCF remains below the national average.• AACo’s boxed beef PCF was 23.0kg 
CO
2-e/kg beef produced after primary 
processing in FY25. This represents a 2% decrease on the previous year’s adjusted boxed beef turnoff. As with the liveweight results, this was primarily driven by improved herd performance offset by increased cull beef sales. Boxed beef PCF results do not include some classes of cattle that are included in the liveweight results and are not directly comparable.
This year’s results provide further data and insights into AACo’s emissions profile, helping us to build on existing efforts to improve the efficiency of our herd while providing insights into new possibilities for future efforts to reduce our climate impact across our operations. 
GHG Emissions (tonnes CO
2-e)
Item FY23 FY24 FY25
Scope 1 – livestock and farming -related emissions 587,827 619,497 637,328
Scope 1 – energy emissions 29,068 19,211 22,290
Scope 2 – electricity emissions 3,108 2,609 2,806
Scope 3 NPR 158,085 159,949
Total – Scope 1, 2 and 3 NPR 799,402 822,373
Product Carbon Footprint
GHG Emissions Footprint: Scope 1, 2 
and 3 (Kg CO
2-e/kg liveweight turnoff) – 11.2 11.2
GHG Emissions Footprint: Scope 1, 2 and 3 (Kg CO
2-e/kg boxed beef) – 23.5 23.0
NPR – Not previously reported.GHG emissions inventory
We continue to prepare for expanded climate -related reporting, with an 
aspiration for our metrics and disclosures to exceed the minimum requirements under the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards’ mandatory AASB S2: Climate-related Disclosures . 
Our emissions accounting and analysis program informs a more evolved understanding of the interaction between our actions and their impacts on climate. 
Improvements to emissions calculation 
methodologies and the science underpinning them has led to adjustments to the previous year’s emissions profile which are noted below. Further details regarding the adjustments and the GHG emissions profiling methodology used, are detailed in the Sustainability Information section of this report.
In FY25, AACo emitted 662,424 tCO
2-e 
of Scope 1 and 2 emissions, a 3.3% increase 
compared to the adjusted FY24 figures. This was primarily due to an increase in weight gain of livestock and increase in fuel-related emissions. Enteric methane 
represents our largest source of GHG emissions at 88% of Scope 1 and 2 emissions, proportionally remaining steady compared to FY24. A 17% increase in our feedlot population resulted in higher emissions from this part of our operations but also contributed to a proportional increase in the amount of liveweight kilograms produced, reducing our overall emissions footprint.
AACo’s Scope 3 emissions for FY25 were 
159,949 tCO
2-e, representing 19% of our 
overall emissions, with the most significant source being purchased goods and services such as feedlot inputs. Downstream transportation of boxed beef via air and sea freight to our global markets, meat processing, agistment and upstream freight were other significant sources of Scope 3 emissions. Nature & Climate Highlights 
(continued)Annual Report 2025Australian Agricultural Company Limited42For personal use only