=== Table 1 (page 7) ===
We believe Aussie Fibre is integral to our future success in the residential market
"and as we move further into the Business, Enterprise, and Government segments."
"The Residential segment continues to evolve at Aussie, and in July we launched"
"our new challenger brand, Buddy Telco. Since launching on 15 July, we have grown"
"to more than 4,500 connections. Offering this digital-first service with a lower"
price-point for the more price conscious customer gives Aussie more
opportunities to either retain customers that are planning to churn away from us
"due to cost-of-living pressures, or capture a whole new customer-base that"
would not previously have signed up with Aussie.
"For the fourth year in a row, Roy Morgan recognised Aussie Broadband as"
"Australia’s Most Trusted Telco for 2024, as well as Best of the Best for customer"
satisfaction across all industries for 2023. Customer experience and satisfaction
have always been of great importance to Aussie and the foundations we have in
place will help us continue to deliver excellence as we grow beyond a one-billion-
dollar revenue company.
"Through the maturing of our ESG framework, and to allow greater visibility and"
"accessibility to shareholders in relation to our future ESG commitments, we will be"
releasing our first stand-alone Sustainability Report next year.
We are well placed to adhere to the mandatory climate-related financial
disclosures recently enacted through legislation to report annually on our Scope 1
and 2 emissions and provide further detail about our climate change mitigation
strategies.
"In line with this, the Aussie Broadband Board has made the commitment to"
transition 100% of our operating sites to renewable energy by FY28.
"From a technical standpoint, I note that proposed Resolutions 7 and 8 of this"
meeting relate to the issue of options to Phil Britt and Michael Omeros under
Aussie's Long Term Incentive Plan. Aussie also intends to issue Zero Exercise Priced
Options (or ZEPOs) to Phil Britt and Michael Omeros that relate to the FY25
"performance period. At the time of preparing the Notice of Meeting, Aussie was in"
the late stages of finalising an aspect of the performance conditions to apply to
"the ZEPOs for Phil Britt and Michael Omeros. Accordingly, at next year's AGM,"
Aussie will seek approval for the issue of ZEPOs to Phil Britt and Michael Omeros in
respect of both the FY25 and FY26 performance periods.