=== Page 17 ===
Courier Route Optimisation
ACL is committed to delivering 
timely, accurate pathology results 
while continuously improving 
operational efficiency and 
environmental sustainability.
One of the key ways we achieve this is through our 
investment in cutting-edge logistics technology.
ACL uses advanced route management software, Route 
Planner, to coordinate our national courier network and 
ensure specimens are promptly collected and delivered 
to our NATA-accredited laboratories for processing. This 
innovative transport management system enables real-
time tracking and dynamic route optimisation, allowing 
us to eliminate redundant courier runs by hundreds of 
thousands per year, reprioritise urgent pick-ups as needed 
and ensure specimens follow the most efficient route back 
to the laboratory. By using years’ worth of trackable data, 
we’ve streamlined our courier operations, and are able to deliver faster results to clinicians and patients while 
significantly reducing fuel consumption and improving our 
carbon footprint.
In FY25, our SMART logistics Route Planner technology 
delivered impressive results, with a 12% reduction in 
kilometres travelled per episode – equating to a reduction 
of almost 1.2 million kilometres travelled. Our dynamic 
route planning technology is fully integrated with our 
customer-facing Click-to-Collect solution, allowing jobs 
to get allocated in real time. ACL is proud to be the only 
pathology provider in Australia to implement this fully-
integrated, world-class system.
Recognising that transportation is a major contributor to 
carbon emissions, we’ve also prioritised the transition to 
low-emission vehicles. In FY25, we converted 47 additional 
vehicles from petrol to hybrid, bringing our total hybrid 
fleet to 145 vehicles. Looking ahead, we’re on track to 
ensure that at least 50% of our fleet will be hybrid by FY26.
ACL’s commitment to innovation, optimisation and 
sustainability is embedded in everything we do. By 
investing in technologies like Route Planner and expanding 
our hybrid fleet, we’re not only improving service delivery 
but also helping to create a more sustainable business.
Read the full ESG report on our website:  
https://investors.clinicallabs.com.au/corporate-
responsibility/sustainability/
15 Annual Report 2025