=== Table 1 (page 18) ===
,"Internally, I’ve introduced the mantra of moving"
Sustainability,
,"from “Good to Great”, inspired by Jim Collins’ book."
"In FY25, the Group made meaningful progress across",
,"Our business units are already good, but I firmly"
"its sustainability agenda, the details of which are",
,believe in their potential to be great. I’m grateful for
contained in our Sustainability Report which forms,
,the opportunity our leadership team has to lead this
part of this Annual Report.,
,journey and deeply respect the responsibility we have
Our carbon footprint increased by 1.8% over the year,
,to listen to our customers and teams as we unlock the
driven by a larger store footprint (+3.4%) and notably,
,full potential of the Group.
"warmer weather. Operationally, work is underway to",
reduce our Scope 2 emissions through the phased,
,Thank You
installation of solar panels (subject to landlord,
,"As we close out FY25, I want to express my"
agreement) with two Adairs homemaker stores in,
,sincere thanks to everyone who contributed to our
"Frankston and Waurn Ponds completed in FY25, with",
,"performance and is embracing, challenging and"
further sites identified for FY26. We also advanced,
,"driving our change program. To our team members,"
"our packaging sustainability, replacing problematic",
,"whose passion, resilience, and commitment have"
materials with recyclable or reusable alternatives,
,contributed significantly to our results. I’m proud to
"across all product categories, and began reporting",
,lead such a talented and engaged group.
packaging data by weight and SKU to support APCO,
,I would like to extend my sincere thanks to our Board
compliance.,
,for their guidance and support; and acknowledge
"Social responsibility remained a core focus, with",
,Mark Ronan for the considered and thorough
"over $135,000 contributed to Orange Sky through",
,handover he provided me in my transition.
"product sales and fundraising initiatives, bringing",
,"To our suppliers, whose partnership and collaboration"
our total support since 2019 to more than $1.1 million.,
,"enable us to bring our products and ideas to life, and"
We also partnered with Red Cross Australia to donate,
,we deeply value the relationships we’ve built together.
"over 5,500 kilograms of product, supporting both",
"humanitarian efforts and landfill diversion. Internally,",
,"And finally, to our customers, whose continued loyalty"
we strengthened our ethical sourcing and modern,
,"and trust inspires us to keep improving, innovating,"
"slavery oversight, improved safety reporting across all",
,and delivering exceptional experiences every day.
"brands, and achieved our gender diversity targets at",
,Our role is to help you make your home a place you
both Board and executive levels.,
,"love, and this role is a privilege and something we"
,love too.
Outlook,

=== Table 2 (page 20) ===
Welcome to the 2025 Sustainability Report.,"upsized locations, as well as greater reliance on air"
,conditioning due to notably warmer weather conditions
It is with both passion and purpose that I introduce,
,across all states and territories in 2024. We continue
this year’s report — my first as Group CEO. Throughout,
,to make progress toward our 2030 net-zero target
"my career in retail, I’ve championed sustainability as",
,for Scope 1 and 2 emissions with the commencement
a core business imperative. To be sustainable is to,
,of a program to install solar on select properties
"operate in a way that is environmentally, socially, and",
,with Frankston and Waurn Ponds in Victoria being
economically responsible — ensuring today’s decisions,
,"completed during FY25, and further properties to be"
support long-term growth without compromising,
,"added in the coming year, subject to landlord approval."
"the wellbeing of future generations. At Adairs, I see",
"a company with the heart, ambition, and capability",Over the next year we will begin the significant work
to be a responsible corporate citizen — one that aligns,required to measure our Scope 3 emissions which will
purpose with performance to create lasting value.,be reported upon from FY27 — these are the indirect
,emissions generated across our value chain. While
"Our sustainability efforts are guided by our People,",
,"we don’t directly control them, we must take into"
"Product, and Planet (“PPP”) Committee, a cross-",
,account their impact. These include emissions in areas
functional team representing all key areas of the,
,"such as our product manufacturing, transportation"
business. Their mission is to embed sustainable,
,"and distribution, team commuting, business travel,"
practices across our operations over time.,
,and the end-of-life disposal of our products. As with
"In absolute terms, the Group’s Scope 1 and 2","most retailers, the majority of our emissions sit within"
greenhouse gas emissions in 2024 were 1.8% higher,"Scope 3, making it a critical area of focus in our journey"
than in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by,toward meaningful climate action.
the expansion of store floor space through new and,

=== Table 3 (page 34) ===
Adairs is already well advanced in a number of areas regarding sustainable products and packaging (see,
"sections 6.1 and 6.3), which enhances brand loyalty as customers increasingly prefer to shop with retailers that",
demonstrate environmental responsibility. Work is also underway to strengthen our supply chain resilience.,
Opportunity,Where Adairs is today
Energy Efficiency,In FY25 Adairs began installing solar on select larger stores.
,"The first two sites completed are in Frankston and Waurn Ponds,"
Implementing energy-efficient practices,
,"Victoria, with further sites targeted for FY26 (subject to landlord"
"in stores, warehouses, and distribution",
,approval). Over 95% of stores use LED lighting. The remaining
centres to reduce emissions and operating,
,stores are being upgraded as part of planned refurbishment
costs and to enhance the brand reputation as,
,"programs. An internal review of heating, ventilation and air"
a sustainable retailer.,
,conditioning (HVAC) practices has been undertaken to identify
,opportunities to be more efficient and reduce operating costs.
Supply Chain,Approximately 95% of group products are contract-
,manufactured offshore (see 4.1). The group is working hard to
Reviewing the group’s supply chain to,
,"diversify its supplier concentration risk by country, which has"
incorporate more sustainable practices. This,
,"significant potential benefits, including the opportunity to direct"
could involve selecting suppliers with strong,
,"business to suppliers with stronger sustainability credentials, as"
"environmental credentials, reducing packaging,",
,well as those closer to end markets (less transport). Balanced
and optimising transportation routes to lower,
,against these are important quality and all-in cost considerations.
carbon emissions.,
Marketing and education,Educating stakeholders on our existing sustainability credentials
,is a significant opportunity for Adairs. Aside from our annual
Campaigns to educate consumers and team,
,"Sustainability Report, there is more to be done in communicating"
about the sustainability of our products,
,our sustainability values and credentials to customers and our team.
and the benefits of purchasing eco-friendly,
"products can enhance brand reputation, inform",
consumer choices and help drive brand loyalty.,
Emission Transparency,Adairs has measured and reported its Scope 1 and 2 emissions
,since 2021 (its base year) and has set itself a target of being net
Being transparent about our actual,
,zero on these emissions by 2030.
"greenhouse gas emissions, having meaningful",
"and achievable emission targets, and",
,While planning is underway to determine the categories to be
reporting annually against those targets,
,"reported upon in measuring our Scope 3 emissions, this is a"
make us accountable to our stakeholders.,
,major exercise requiring a material investment in systems and
"This builds credibility and stakeholder trust,",
,"people, as well as the appropriate engagement from entities"
which in turn helps build brand loyalty and,
,across our value chain. Many of our suppliers are in regions that
enhances our ability to attract/retain talent.,
,are less developed in tracking their GHG emissions.
,"It is currently expected that, in accordance with current"
,"regulatory reporting requirements, the measurement and"
,reporting of Scope 3 emissions will occur from FY27.

=== Table 4 (page 35) ===
,measurements began).,,,,,,,,,
,,,,"Group greenhouse gas emissions1 (tonnes CO2e, Scope 1+2)",,,,,,
4400,,,,,,,,,,50
,,,"4,263",,,,,,,
,,,,,,,,,,45
4200,,"4,108",,,,,,,,
,"4,028",,,,,,,,,40
,,,,"3,936",,,,,,
4000,,,,,,,,,,35
,,,,,"3,722",,,,,30
3800,,,,,,,,"3,722",,
GHG emissions,,,,,,"3,597",,,"3,578",25
,,,,,,,"3,578",,,
,,,26.4,,,,,,,
3600,,,,,,,,,,
,,23.6,,,,,,,,20
,19.5,,,,,,,,,
,,,,,,,,18.8,,15
3400,,,,16.9,,,,,18.4,
,,,,,28.0,17.4,17.3,,,
,,,,,,,,,,0
3200,,,,,,,,,,051
3000,,,,,,,,,,
,Jul-Dec 2020,Jan-Jul 2021,Jul-Dec 2021,Jan-Jul 2022,Jul-Dec 2022,Jan-Jun 2023,Jul-Dec 2023,Jan-Jun 2024,Jul-Dec 2024,

=== Table 5 (page 36) ===
5.1.5.  Reduction targets,downstream with customers (in their use and ultimate
,disposal of its products). As is the case for most
The Group has set itself a target to achieve net-zero,
,"retailers, a majority of Adairs’ carbon emissions sit"
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.,
,within Scope 3. The identification and quantification
This target has been set having regard to our,
,of these emissions is challenging given it relies on
"progress to date, our company values, stakeholder",
,the cooperation of a large number of external parties
"expectations, the current climate landscape, advances",
,and the availability and reliability of the data provided
in technology and evolving regulatory frameworks.,
,"varies widely. Lowering our Scope 3 emissions,"
The reduction in Scope 2 emissions will come from:,"however, is the most impactful action we can take"
,in reducing our impact on the planet.
> a move towards renewable energy across our,
"business operations, including through the","Going forward, the Group will work with its largest"
purchase of green electricity and the continued,"suppliers to better understand, encourage, and support"
installation of solar generation on select sites under,them in adopting more sustainable business practices.
Power Purchase Agreements (subject to landlord,"As vertically integrated retailer, Adairs has an important"
agreement and business case assessment);,"role in the selection of suppliers, product materials,"
> a training of store and warehouse teams on HVAC,"and, for its Tier 1 factories, a clear understanding of the"
best practices — leveraging work already done to,production process. Quantifying Scope 3 emissions and
"understand how air-conditioning, heating, lighting","working with suppliers, customers and other business"
"and doors are used and operated within each store,",partners to reduce these is a challenging multi-year
warehouse and support office;,undertaking that Adairs is committed to.
> Adairs head office relocating in June 2025 to the,
,5.1.7.  Methodology
"newly built One Middle Road, Chadstone, which",
,Adairs’ greenhouse gas accounting process has
targets a benchmark 5-star Green Energy rating,
,followed ‘Method 1’ for the combustion of liquid
and International Living Future Institute zero-,
,and gaseous fuels and ‘Method A1’ for scope 2
carbon energy certification;,
,emissions within the National Greenhouse and Energy
">
the continued transition to energy-efficient",
,Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008
"appliances, particularly in the areas of lighting,",
,"(Compilation 18, August 2024). These methods apply"
heating and cooling; and,
,the internationally recognised and approved emission
> overall decarbonisation of the power grid.,"factors for electricity, fuel, and gas to consumption"
,data across all business assets.
"As a secondary measure, the Group may also",
purchase suitable carbon credits to offset any residual,"In preparing the above calculations, it is noted that:"
Scope 1 and 2 emissions.,
,> Approximately 3.3% of the calculated Scope 2
,emissions in 2024 are estimates for stores with
5.1.6.  Scope 3 emissions,

=== Table 6 (page 36) ===
,data across all business assets.
"As a secondary measure, the Group may also",
purchase suitable carbon credits to offset any residual,"In preparing the above calculations, it is noted that:"
Scope 1 and 2 emissions.,
,> Approximately 3.3% of the calculated Scope 2
,emissions in 2024 are estimates for stores with
5.1.6.  Scope 3 emissions,
,data gaps. For any store having no electricity data
The Group has not yet identified and quantified its,
,"available, the electricity consumption has been"
"Scope 3 emissions, although preparation work has",
,benchmarked based on stores with similar physical
commenced for their measurement from July 2026 in,
,characteristics; and
line with mandatory reporting requirements required,
,> Given the variety of servicing arrangements at
under AASB S2.,
,our stores and the relatively small size of the
These relate to indirect emissions within the Group’s,
,"air-conditioning systems, we have not included"
"value chain, both upstream with suppliers (in their",
,refrigerant use in the air-conditioning systems of
production and transport of group products) and,
,our stores as part of this inventory.3