=== Table 1 (page 3) ===
Our FY25 Sustainability,,
Performance,,
Environment,Health and Safety,
0 Reportable,0 Lost time,
,,
Carbon neutral,Proudly part of the,
Certified Carbon,,
,Australian,
Neutral organisation1,,
,Made,
Since FY20,,
,Campaign,
"297,854 hours worked",,
"Gender diversity
33% female Board",,
50% female ELT,,
"1  Amplitude Energy has been certified by Climate Active as a Carbon Neutral organisation for its Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions (embedded",,
energy and business travel). The Company achieves this status by working to avoid and minimise direct emissions and purchasing and surrendering verified,,
carbon credits to compensate for its residual emissions. Certification was first achieved in June 2021 for the FY20 period. Climate Active commenced,,
"consultation on the future of its program in October 2023, but no announcement has yet been made. Amplitude Energy will continue to assess its position",,
in respect of Climate Active certification in future years based on the outcomes of any review and its own assessment of the certification.,,
2,,Sustainability Report FY25    3

=== Table 2 (page 4) ===
Foreword,,"in FY24, we have made considerable progress. Our",Gippsland Agricultural Group (GAgG) to compare
,,,
,,FY25 greenhouse gas emissions from flaring are 59%,"the effectiveness of our sulphur with imported,"
,,"lower than FY23 levels, compared to a target of 40%",commercially purchased sulphur fertiliser. Sulphur
,,reduction by FY30. This significant improvement in our,"is one of the big four fertiliser elements, crucial"
,,flaring has been delivered by the improved stability,for assisting with soil microbiology. Following the
,,"and performance of OGPP, where we have not only","success of the six-month trial, where our sulphur"
,Our strong performance,"reduced the amount of unplanned downtime, but also",was demonstrated to exhibit identical properties to
,,,
,through FY25 demonstrates,"the number of planned outages, since decreasing",commercially available sulphur (typically imported
,,both the frequency and duration of absorber cleans.,"from overseas), we continue to partner with GAgG"
,,,
,"Amplitude Energy’s focus, on","When the plant is operating consistently, more of our","to deliver our sulphur to its member farmers,"
,,"gas is able to be sent to local customers, rather than",supporting more sustainable and cost-effective
,,,
,both sustainability and long-term,being flared.,farming practices across the East Gippsland region.
,,,
,value for our shareholders.,We have also taken a significant step forward on our,Our strong performance through FY25 demonstrates
,,"Scope 2 emissions target, to integrate renewable","Amplitude Energy’s focus, on both sustainability and"
,,energy to support Amplitude Energy operations.,"long-term value for our shareholders, through projects"
,,"In August 2025, we signed a power purchase",that deliver win-win outcomes with our stakeholders.
,,agreement (PPA) with AGL to build a behind-the-meter,Amplitude Energy continues to invest directly in local
,,solar PV plant at AGP. The energy produced by this,"communities through our employees, our suppliers"
With the business now well positioned for,reached a new winter record across the east coast,,
,,"solar PV plant will be used to run utility servers at AGP,",and direct initiatives. Some examples include:
transformational growth through our East Coast,"on 26 June 2025 due to low wind availability. Overall,",,
,,with any surplus power directed back into the grid.,
,,,"• 
Through our continued support of the Neil Porter"
"Supply Project (ECSP), I am pleased to report, in our",the average level of unavailable coal capacity due to,,
,,"AGL are now working through detailed design, with",
,,,"Legacy, we hosted three school and educational"
"seventh Sustainability Report, that we have gained",outages increased by 28% compared to the same,,
,,the aim of bringing the solar PV plant online in 2026.,
,,,"visits to AGP, driving opportunities to improve energy"
momentum in delivering against our sustainability,"quarter in 2024, driving increasing volatility in both",,
,,"This project not only reduces our Scope 2 emissions,",
,,,literacy across the youth community and inspire
objectives and living by our new Purpose and,electricity and gas prices.,,
,,"as the power is currently drawn from the Victorian grid,",
,,,regional students with local career pathways in
"Values as announced in FY24. In this past year,",,,
,,which is the most carbon intensive electricity across,
,The role of gas in supply chain security and,,
,,,our industry.
"we have rebranded to Amplitude Energy, a name",,,
,,"Australia, it also reduces our operating costs over time,",
,providing industrial heat and feedstock to Australian,,
representative of who we are today as a business,,,•  We continued as Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS)
,,as we will be reducing the amount of electricity we,
,manufacturing is increasingly recognised among,,
– a dedicated domestic natural gas explorer and,,,"Victoria’s major corporate partner, helping to deliver"
,,need to purchase.,
,"key stakeholders, including the Federal and State",,
producer proudly playing our part in Australia’s energy,,,essential care closer to home for those living in the
,"governments. Victoria’s latest Gas Security Plan,",,
,,"In addition, we have made strong progress reducing",
future. ‘Amplitude’ is an industry term that measures,,,areas where we operate.
,"released in June 2025, identifies the need for new",,
,,our physical emissions across our operations over the,
the resource potential of a new gas opportunity and,,,
,supply sources to bridge the gap to demand from,,•  We provided sponsorships and donations to the
,,last year. Projects delivered or in execution in FY25 will,
is defined as the maximum extent of a vibration or,,,
,"2029, consistent with the outlooks modelled by the",,"Warrnambool Surf Life Saving Foundation, local"
,,"reduce our emissions by over 5,000 tonnes of carbon",
"oscillation, representing our company aiming to reach",,,
,Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO).,,events such as the Timboon 150-year anniversary
,,"dioxide equivalent each year, and we continue to work",
its maximum potential.,,,
,,through the identified opportunities across our two,"celebration, the Orbost Snowy Rovers Football"
,"In September 2024, we held our first community",,
"In FY25, we were proudly endorsed by WORK180 as",,,Netball Club and a range of local community
,,operated assets.,
,breakfast since taking operatorship of the Orbost Gas,,
"an employer of choice for women, providing national",,,leadership and social inclusion programs.
,"Processing Plant (OGPP), where community members",,
,,"As stated in our updated Climate Action Policy, we",
recognition as an organisation demonstrating genuine,,,
,and local government were invited to tour our facility,,"In closing, Amplitude Energy is proud to play its part"
,,remain committed to voluntarily offset our residual,
commitment to supporting women’s careers and,,,
,and talk to our team about our operations. In May,,in Australia’s energy future as we embark on our
,,equity Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.,
creating a work environment where gender diversity,,,
,"2025, we held our third community event at the Athena",,"next phase of growth through the ECSP, aiming to"
is celebrated.,,"Pleasingly, our health, safety and environmental",
,Gas Plant (AGP) and we continue to be reminded,,"deliver enough gas to meet the needs of 600,000"
,,"performance remained positive through FY25,",
"As Australia moves towards lower emissions, natural","through these events, of the importance of domestic",,Victorian homes from as early as 2028. This report
,,a year with a high level of intensive work including,
gas will continue to play a crucial role in driving our,gas production to these rural regions. In the Otway,,offers insights into our operations and our unwavering
,,two planned maintenance outages at AGP and OGPP.,
"economy and delivering consistent, reliable and",and East Gippsland – gas is an important fuel for food,,commitment to our social and environmental
,,Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (events,
"affordable energy supply. At Amplitude Energy, we",production and processing. Western and Eastern,,responsibilities.
,,"per million hours worked) of 3.36, was better than our",
remain committed to delivering energy for Australian,regional Victoria accommodates more than 40% of,,
,,rate in FY24 and ahead of the industry benchmark of,
"homes, businesses and industry, and building authentic",Australia’s dairy industry and local manufacturers,,
,,5.16. We had no significant process safety events and,
partnerships to ‘amplify’ the success of the company,"use gas to heat their boilers, processing milk into dairy",,
,,no recordable environmental incidents with more than,
and the local communities in which we operate.,"products such as milk power, butter and cheese.",,
,,minor local impacts. In recognition for our strong safety,
,Our gas is produced and processed in regional Victoria,,Jane Norman
The role of gas in supporting Australia’s ambitions to,,,
,,"culture and performance, we proudly accepted the",
,and used by local customers. Locally sourced and,,Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
integrate more variable renewable energy into the,,,
,,widely coveted 2025 Safety Excellence Award from,
,used gas has lower transport costs and emissions,,
electricity network has never been clearer. Like previous,,,
,,"Australian Energy Producers (AEP), for delivering",
,when compared to gas transported over longer,,
"years, we saw gas-fired power generation (GPG) more",,,
,,safety excellence across our BMG Decommissioning,
,"distances, such as gas imported from overseas.",,
than double from April through to June 2025 when,,,
,,campaign in FY24.,
colder weather hit and unexpected outages were,This year we updated our Climate Action Policy.,,
,,,"1AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025."
,,"Since announcing the initiative last year, our sulphur",
experienced at coal-fired power generation across,We continue to support the Australian Government’s,,"2AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report."
,,by-product from OGPP is now being used as a,
"NSW, Queensland and Victoria. In Victoria, where",commitment to the Paris Agreement and their,,"3AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025."
,,fertiliser in the local East Gippsland region. In the first,
,,,
"we operate, gas demand for GPG recorded its highest",recognition of the role of natural gas in Australia’s,,"4AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report."
,,"half of FY25, Amplitude Energy partnered with the","5 Dairy Australia, Production & Sales Statistics, Year to Date 2024-25."
June average in almost 20 years and GPG demand,economy. Since setting our Scope 1 and 2 targets,,

=== Table 3 (page 4) ===
,,energy to support Amplitude Energy operations.,"long-term value for our shareholders, through projects"
,,"In August 2025, we signed a power purchase",that deliver win-win outcomes with our stakeholders.
,,agreement (PPA) with AGL to build a behind-the-meter,Amplitude Energy continues to invest directly in local
,,solar PV plant at AGP. The energy produced by this,"communities through our employees, our suppliers"
With the business now well positioned for,reached a new winter record across the east coast,,
,,"solar PV plant will be used to run utility servers at AGP,",and direct initiatives. Some examples include:
transformational growth through our East Coast,"on 26 June 2025 due to low wind availability. Overall,",,
,,with any surplus power directed back into the grid.,
,,,"• 
Through our continued support of the Neil Porter"
"Supply Project (ECSP), I am pleased to report, in our",the average level of unavailable coal capacity due to,,
,,"AGL are now working through detailed design, with",
,,,"Legacy, we hosted three school and educational"
"seventh Sustainability Report, that we have gained",outages increased by 28% compared to the same,,
,,the aim of bringing the solar PV plant online in 2026.,
,,,"visits to AGP, driving opportunities to improve energy"
momentum in delivering against our sustainability,"quarter in 2024, driving increasing volatility in both",,
,,"This project not only reduces our Scope 2 emissions,",
,,,literacy across the youth community and inspire
objectives and living by our new Purpose and,electricity and gas prices.,,
,,"as the power is currently drawn from the Victorian grid,",
,,,regional students with local career pathways in
"Values as announced in FY24. In this past year,",,,
,,which is the most carbon intensive electricity across,
,The role of gas in supply chain security and,,
,,,our industry.
"we have rebranded to Amplitude Energy, a name",,,
,,"Australia, it also reduces our operating costs over time,",
,providing industrial heat and feedstock to Australian,,
representative of who we are today as a business,,,•  We continued as Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS)
,,as we will be reducing the amount of electricity we,
,manufacturing is increasingly recognised among,,
– a dedicated domestic natural gas explorer and,,,"Victoria’s major corporate partner, helping to deliver"
,,need to purchase.,
,"key stakeholders, including the Federal and State",,
producer proudly playing our part in Australia’s energy,,,essential care closer to home for those living in the
,"governments. Victoria’s latest Gas Security Plan,",,
,,"In addition, we have made strong progress reducing",
future. ‘Amplitude’ is an industry term that measures,,,areas where we operate.
,"released in June 2025, identifies the need for new",,
,,our physical emissions across our operations over the,
the resource potential of a new gas opportunity and,,,
,supply sources to bridge the gap to demand from,,•  We provided sponsorships and donations to the
,,last year. Projects delivered or in execution in FY25 will,
is defined as the maximum extent of a vibration or,,,
,"2029, consistent with the outlooks modelled by the",,"Warrnambool Surf Life Saving Foundation, local"
,,"reduce our emissions by over 5,000 tonnes of carbon",
"oscillation, representing our company aiming to reach",,,
,Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO).,,events such as the Timboon 150-year anniversary
,,"dioxide equivalent each year, and we continue to work",
its maximum potential.,,,
,,through the identified opportunities across our two,"celebration, the Orbost Snowy Rovers Football"
,"In September 2024, we held our first community",,
"In FY25, we were proudly endorsed by WORK180 as",,,Netball Club and a range of local community
,,operated assets.,
,breakfast since taking operatorship of the Orbost Gas,,
"an employer of choice for women, providing national",,,leadership and social inclusion programs.
,"Processing Plant (OGPP), where community members",,
,,"As stated in our updated Climate Action Policy, we",
recognition as an organisation demonstrating genuine,,,
,and local government were invited to tour our facility,,"In closing, Amplitude Energy is proud to play its part"
,,remain committed to voluntarily offset our residual,
commitment to supporting women’s careers and,,,
,and talk to our team about our operations. In May,,in Australia’s energy future as we embark on our
,,equity Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.,
creating a work environment where gender diversity,,,
,"2025, we held our third community event at the Athena",,"next phase of growth through the ECSP, aiming to"
is celebrated.,,"Pleasingly, our health, safety and environmental",
,Gas Plant (AGP) and we continue to be reminded,,"deliver enough gas to meet the needs of 600,000"
,,"performance remained positive through FY25,",
"As Australia moves towards lower emissions, natural","through these events, of the importance of domestic",,Victorian homes from as early as 2028. This report
,,a year with a high level of intensive work including,
gas will continue to play a crucial role in driving our,gas production to these rural regions. In the Otway,,offers insights into our operations and our unwavering
,,two planned maintenance outages at AGP and OGPP.,
"economy and delivering consistent, reliable and",and East Gippsland – gas is an important fuel for food,,commitment to our social and environmental
,,Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (events,
"affordable energy supply. At Amplitude Energy, we",production and processing. Western and Eastern,,responsibilities.
,,"per million hours worked) of 3.36, was better than our",
remain committed to delivering energy for Australian,regional Victoria accommodates more than 40% of,,
,,rate in FY24 and ahead of the industry benchmark of,
"homes, businesses and industry, and building authentic",Australia’s dairy industry and local manufacturers,,
,,5.16. We had no significant process safety events and,
partnerships to ‘amplify’ the success of the company,"use gas to heat their boilers, processing milk into dairy",,
,,no recordable environmental incidents with more than,
and the local communities in which we operate.,"products such as milk power, butter and cheese.",,
,,minor local impacts. In recognition for our strong safety,
,Our gas is produced and processed in regional Victoria,,Jane Norman
The role of gas in supporting Australia’s ambitions to,,,
,,"culture and performance, we proudly accepted the",
,and used by local customers. Locally sourced and,,Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
integrate more variable renewable energy into the,,,
,,widely coveted 2025 Safety Excellence Award from,
,used gas has lower transport costs and emissions,,
electricity network has never been clearer. Like previous,,,
,,"Australian Energy Producers (AEP), for delivering",
,when compared to gas transported over longer,,
"years, we saw gas-fired power generation (GPG) more",,,
,,safety excellence across our BMG Decommissioning,
,"distances, such as gas imported from overseas.",,
than double from April through to June 2025 when,,,
,,campaign in FY24.,
colder weather hit and unexpected outages were,This year we updated our Climate Action Policy.,,
,,,"1AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025."
,,"Since announcing the initiative last year, our sulphur",
experienced at coal-fired power generation across,We continue to support the Australian Government’s,,"2AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report."
,,by-product from OGPP is now being used as a,
"NSW, Queensland and Victoria. In Victoria, where",commitment to the Paris Agreement and their,,"3AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025."
,,fertiliser in the local East Gippsland region. In the first,
,,,
"we operate, gas demand for GPG recorded its highest",recognition of the role of natural gas in Australia’s,,"4AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report."
,,"half of FY25, Amplitude Energy partnered with the","5 Dairy Australia, Production & Sales Statistics, Year to Date 2024-25."
June average in almost 20 years and GPG demand,economy. Since setting our Scope 1 and 2 targets,,

=== Table 4 (page 7) ===
"Notably, we achieved an emissions reduction of 12,876 tCO2e from flaring compared to our FY23 baseline which",,
"resulted from operational improvements at OGPP. In addition, other emission reduction projects delivered or in",,
"execution in FY25 are expected to further reduced our emissions by of over 5,000 tCO2e each year.",,
,,"Notably, we achieved"
,,
Athena Solar Project,Orbost Flash to Fuel Gas Initiative,an emissions reduction
"With support from our ECSP partner O.G. Energy,",Amplitude Energy has successfully modified OGPP,
,,
"Amplitude Energy is progressing a 715 kW solar PV 
project at AGP under a build-own-operate Power","to divert gas previously sent to flare into the fuel gas 
system for plant operations, lowering emissions and","of 12,876 tCO2e from"
Purchase Agreement (PPA) with AGL. Targeting,improving energy efficiency. Since the March 2025,
"first generation in 2026, the project is expected to","shutdown, over 1000 GJ of gas has been diverted to",flaring compared to our
,,
supply approximately 25% of the plant’s electricity,the fuel gas system and additional work is planned in,
"demand using renewable energy, significantly reducing",FY26 to further reduce flared gas.,
reliance on grid power. This initiative is a strong,,FY23 baseline which
,,
example of Amplitude Energy’s values in action—,,
"Acting Responsibly by reducing Scope 2 emissions,",,
"Thinking Differently through a no-capex PPA model,",,
,,
and Delivering Together in partnership with our gas,,resulted from operational
"customer, AGL.",,
,,improvements at OGPP.

=== Table 5 (page 8) ===
,Bay. They towed a construction barge with 120 tonnes,
Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions - not included in Scope 2 - that occur in the supply chain. In other,,
,"of limestone rubble, eight reefs made from recycled",
"words, emissions that are linked to the Company’s operations and products. The GHG Protocol splits Scope 3",,
,"shells sourced from restaurants, and 64 concrete mats",
emissions into 15 categories. Categories 1-8 are described as relevant Scope 3 emissions and categories 9-15,,
,designed with a modified concrete recipe to attract,
as downstream Scope 3 emissions.,,Images showing sponges within the SeaGen
,"marine life, and seeded with sponges from the SeaGen",
,,hatchery (top) which can be used to seed the reef
,Aquaculture Facility on Phillip Island.,
Relevant Scope 3 emissions are emissions embedded in significant infrastructure such as the concrete and steel,,"materials, and specially designed concrete mats"
"that we construct our wells, pipelines and gas processing plants from, together with smaller categories such as",With the reef materials now safely deployed into,
,,"(bottom), seeded with sponge fragments and"
business travel. We include these within our Climate Active organisational boundary. These emissions are fully offset,the Apollo Marine Park to a specially designed,
,,being deployed into the Apollo Marine Park.
as part of Amplitude Energy’s Climate Active Carbon Neutral certification.,"arrangement on the seabed, project partners will",

=== Table 6 (page 8) ===
Climate Active Carbon Neutral Organisation,Seabed Restoration and,
Certification,Enhancement Project,
"Amplitude Energy has been certified by Climate 
The certification covers Amplitude Energy’s activities",Amplitude Energy is a proud partner of the Seabed,
"Active as carbon neutral in respect of its Scope 1, 
and operations using an equity share approach. The",Restoration and Enhancement Project led by Offshore,
"Scope 2 and what Amplitude Energy defines as 
equity share approach reflects that Amplitude Energy","Biotechnology and Parks Australia, with funding from",
"its relevant Scope 3 emissions for FY20 to FY24, 
has interest in both assets over which the Company",the Commonwealth Ocean Discovery and Restoration,
"and it is currently in the process of seeing FY25 
has operational control (i.e. as the operator), as well",Program. The project aims to provide practical,
"certification.
as assets over which another company (a joint venture",solutions to managing impacts to mesophotic reef,
partner) has operational control.,"habitats, improve coastal fisheries and maximise",
The Company has achieved this by reducing,,
,the potential for offshore energy infrastructure to,
"emissions where practical, and purchasing and 
Climate Active commenced consultation on the future",,
,incorporate nature into underwater seabed structures,
"surrendering eligible carbon credits to compensate 
of its program in October 2023,6 but as of the date",,
,such as pipelines.,
"of this report, no announcement has been made. 
for residual emissions. For the avoidance of",,
"Amplitude Energy will continue to assess its position 
doubt, we do not offset our customers, emissions",,
"in respect of Climate Active certification in future years 
downstream of the point of sale. These downstream",The project’s focus is,
,,
"based on the outcomes of any review and its own 
Scope 3 emissions are primarily associated with",the restoration and,
"assessment of the certification.
distribution, transmission and combustion of gas",,
by industry and the community.,enhancement of mesophotic,
,reef communities in the,
,deeper shelf waters of the,
,"Otway region, dominated",
,by different invertebrates,
Q&A,,
,including sponges and,
"What are Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions?",,
,"bryozoans, and which play",
"Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from company-owned and controlled resources. In other words, GHG",,
,an important role in the,
"emissions that are released into the atmosphere as a direct result of a set of activities, at a company level. For",,
,,
"Amplitude Energy, fuel use for gas processing and compression and during offshore and onshore campaigns are",ecology of region.,
the primary sources of Scope 1 emissions. Scope 1 emissions are fully offset as part of Amplitude Energy’s Climate,,
Active Carbon Neutral certification.,"In 2025, the project commenced a major component",
,"of the restoration study within the Apollo Marine Park,",
Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions released as a result of the generation of purchased energy from a utility,,
,located in Commonwealth waters south of Cape,
"provider. In other words, all GHG emissions released into the atmosphere, from the consumption of purchased",,
,"Otway, not far from our offshore operations in the",
"electricity, steam, heat and cooling. For Amplitude Energy purchased electricity is the primary source of Scope",,
,Otway Basin. Following a rigorous environmental,
2 emissions. Scope 2 emissions are fully offset as part of Amplitude Energy’s Climate Active Carbon Neutral,,
,"assessment and approval process, members of the",
certification,,
,project team set sail on a tugboat from Port Philip,
,Bay. They towed a construction barge with 120 tonnes,
Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions - not included in Scope 2 - that occur in the supply chain. In other,,
,"of limestone rubble, eight reefs made from recycled",
"words, emissions that are linked to the Company’s operations and products. The GHG Protocol splits Scope 3",,
,"shells sourced from restaurants, and 64 concrete mats",
emissions into 15 categories. Categories 1-8 are described as relevant Scope 3 emissions and categories 9-15,,
,designed with a modified concrete recipe to attract,
as downstream Scope 3 emissions.,,Images showing sponges within the SeaGen
,"marine life, and seeded with sponges from the SeaGen",
,,hatchery (top) which can be used to seed the reef
,Aquaculture Facility on Phillip Island.,
Relevant Scope 3 emissions are emissions embedded in significant infrastructure such as the concrete and steel,,"materials, and specially designed concrete mats"
"that we construct our wells, pipelines and gas processing plants from, together with smaller categories such as",With the reef materials now safely deployed into,
,,"(bottom), seeded with sponge fragments and"
business travel. We include these within our Climate Active organisational boundary. These emissions are fully offset,the Apollo Marine Park to a specially designed,
,,being deployed into the Apollo Marine Park.
as part of Amplitude Energy’s Climate Active Carbon Neutral certification.,"arrangement on the seabed, project partners will",
,patiently observe nature over the subsequent,
Downstream Scope 3 emissions are outside the Company’s Climate Active organisational boundary and outside,months and years. The process of how mesophotic,
the direct control of Amplitude Energy. The largest contributors to downstream Scope 3 emissions arise from the,reef communities establish and grow on these reef,
"final utilisation of our gas by our customers and by end users to generate electricity, for industrial and residential",materials will be monitored by marine scientists from,
heating or for cooking. A significant fraction also arises from downstream fugitive emissions from pipelines owned,"the Deakin University Warrnambool Campus, and we",
and operated by others. This category can generally be summarised as the Scope 1 emissions of our customers.,are all excited to see what they discover.,
These customer and end user emissions are not offset as part of our Climate Active Carbon Neutral certification.,,
,"Project partners include Parks Australia, Offshore",
These emissions account for circa 99% of Scope 3 emissions.,,
,"Biotechnologies, Deakin University, The Nature",
,"Conservancy, VRFish, SeaGen Aquaculture and Polaris",
,Marine.,
6 https://www.climateactive.org.au/what-climate-active/news/consultation-open-shaping-future-climate-active,,

=== Table 7 (page 14) ===
,,"endorsed Energy Transition Strategy, which is based around three pillars:",
,,,
,,"1.  Reducing our physical emissions through 
streamlined operations and value accretive projects.",Carbon Pricing
Amplitude Energy’s approach to climate is integral,"Beyond electricity generation, gas is forecast",,
to our Company strategy and delivering long-term,to continue to supply energy to the domestic,In FY25 the Company has reported a 59% reduction,
value to shareholders. Our strategy and business,manufacturing sector. These manufacturers are,in emissions from flaring compared to the FY23,We use a shadow carbon price in our corporate
model considers Australia’s commitment to the Paris,"fundamental to Australia’s supply chain security,",baseline as a result of operational improvements and,economic assumptions. The shadow carbon price
"Agreement and climate-related targets, and the",producing everyday products such as glass and,efficiency gains at OGPP. Other projects delivered or,is incorporated into organic and inorganic project
"Australian Government’s Future Gas Strategy, released","plastics used in food packaging, and cement and steel",in execution in FY25 will result in additional emissions,economics to recognise the potential future cost
"in May 2024, which underscores the importance of gas",for our construction industry. Where gas is used as,"reductions of over 5,000 tCO2e each year. We are",of carbon offsets for compliance purposes and to
"in ensuring energy security, reliability and affordability,","a feedstock, or to provide high temperature heat in",also making considerable progress against the Scope,encourage investment in lower emissions options. For
and supports the broader energy transition.,"industrial processes, there is currently no commercial","1 and Scope 2 emissions targets we set in FY24, as","existing business activities, the shadow carbon price is"
,alternative.,discussed in further detail in the Metrics and Targets,incorporated into the emissions reduction process as a
,,,
We are focused on playing,,section below.,"threshold on the marginal abatement cost curve, below"
,"At Amplitude Energy, we are committed to delivering",,
,,,which emissions reduction projects will be considered in
,,,
our part in Australia’s energy,"Australian gas to Australian consumers, including",2.  Voluntarily surrendering certified carbon credits,
,,,the annual corporate planning cycle.
,industrial manufacturers and major energy generators,,
,,to offset 100% of our residual equity Scope 1 and,
"future, by building on our",and retailers. Our strategy leverages our existing,,Our current shadow carbon price assumes a
,,Scope 2 emissions and investigating opportunities,
,"offshore and onshore infrastructure across Victoria,",,compliance market setting based on the Federal
,,,
core business of producing,,to invest directly into carbon projects that generate,
,where the industry and community have coexisted for,,Government’s cost containment measure. This allows
,,certified credits.,
,,,
domestic gas for Australian,decades. We have a three-horizon strategy:,,"Safeguard facilities to buy ACCUs at a fixed price,"
,,We have been certified by Climate Active as a,
,,,providing certainty on their maximum compliance costs.
,,,
customers.,"Horizon 1 (short-term, 1-2 years): Maximise production",carbon neutral organisation since FY20⁹. We,
,,,It was introduced in FY24 at a price of A$75/tCO2e
,and value through existing infrastructure and lowering,have reiterated our commitment to voluntarily,
,,,and is indexed each financial year to the consumer
The Australian Government’s Future Gas Strategy,,,
,our cost base.,surrendering certified carbon credits to offset 100%,
,,,price index plus 2%. For FY26 the price is A$81/tCO2e.
highlights the need for new sources of gas supply to,,,
,,of our residual equity Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,
"meet demand during the economy-wide transition,","Horizon 2 (medium-term, 3-5 years): Develop",,
,,"in our updated Climate Action Policy, published",We also have a voluntary carbon price assumption
especially from new gas fields adjacent to existing,resources in established basins to backfill existing,,
,,in July 2025. The objective of direct investment,that is used to budget for voluntary carbon offsetting in
infrastructure and the domestic market. It states that,infrastructure and deliver new domestic gas supply to,,
,,into carbon projects is to influence carbon project,accordance with our Climate Action Policy. Our current
“without further investment in new gas supply and,Australian customers; add margin and new sources of,,
,,"integrity and design, gain price and supply certainty",carbon price assumption for this purpose is A$9.3/
"gas infrastructure, [supply] shortfalls will negatively","revenue by extending downstream in the value chain,",,
,,and ultimately earn a revenue stream through the,tCO2e in FY26 reflective of a voluntary carbon market
"affect Australian households and businesses, and",such as into gas storage; position the business for long-,,
,,sale of excess credits from our investments.,setting.
the reliability of our electricity system”. It is important,"term success in the energy transition, reducing waste",,
to note that domestic gas supply positioned close,and emissions and repurposing infrastructure.,3.  Demonstrate our long-term role in the energy,
,,,9 Amplitude Energy has been certified by Climate Active as a Carbon Neutral
,,,"Organisation for its Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions"
"to existing infrastructure and markets, is the lowest",,transition.,
,,,(embedded energy and business travel). See page 12 of this report for
,"Horizon 3 (long-term, 6-10 years): Develop new",,
"cost, lowest emissions source of gas for Australian",,,further information on Amplitude Energy’s Carbon Neutral certification.
,,"As noted above, we believe that gas continues to",
,upstream resources into existing infrastructure; grow,,
"customers, due to reduced processing and transport",,,
,,have a role in Australia’s energy future. We are,
,value and leverage the versatility of our infrastructure,,
"requirements, when compared to alternatives such as",,,
,,pursuing opportunities for our gas to be supplied,
,"and product mix, including participating in firming GPG,",,
LNG imports.,,,
,,to large industrial customers using gas for industrial,
,‘drop in’ fuels such as biogas and biomethane and,,
"As the way gas is used evolves in the future, so too",,heat and feedstock where there is no commercially,
,participating in projects that generate carbon credits,,
,,"viable alternative, or to displace higher emission",
will the shape of gas demand. We are investigating,to ensure our role in the decarbonised future.,,
,,"fuels, such as diesel or coal. We are also progressing",
gas storage and peaking gas opportunities to deliver,,,

=== Table 8 (page 14) ===
,,
Strategy,,"As a high level guideline for our strategy implementation, we state that approximately 70% of company resources 
are focused on Horizon 1, 20% on Horizon 2 and 10% on Horizon 3. As a part of our annual strategy review process,"
,,"we assess the external market environment in which we operate, including climate-related risks and opportunities."
,,"These are discussed in detail within the Risk section below. Within our corporate strategy, we also have a Board"
,,"endorsed Energy Transition Strategy, which is based around three pillars:"
,,
,,"1.  Reducing our physical emissions through 
Carbon Pricing
streamlined operations and value accretive projects."
Amplitude Energy’s approach to climate is integral,"Beyond electricity generation, gas is forecast",
to our Company strategy and delivering long-term,to continue to supply energy to the domestic,In FY25 the Company has reported a 59% reduction
value to shareholders. Our strategy and business,manufacturing sector. These manufacturers are,"in emissions from flaring compared to the FY23 
We use a shadow carbon price in our corporate"
model considers Australia’s commitment to the Paris,"fundamental to Australia’s supply chain security,","baseline as a result of operational improvements and 
economic assumptions. The shadow carbon price"
"Agreement and climate-related targets, and the",producing everyday products such as glass and,"efficiency gains at OGPP. Other projects delivered or 
is incorporated into organic and inorganic project"
"Australian Government’s Future Gas Strategy, released","plastics used in food packaging, and cement and steel","in execution in FY25 will result in additional emissions 
economics to recognise the potential future cost"
"in May 2024, which underscores the importance of gas",for our construction industry. Where gas is used as,"reductions of over 5,000 tCO2e each year. We are 
of carbon offsets for compliance purposes and to"
"in ensuring energy security, reliability and affordability,","a feedstock, or to provide high temperature heat in","also making considerable progress against the Scope 
encourage investment in lower emissions options. For"
and supports the broader energy transition.,"industrial processes, there is currently no commercial","1 and Scope 2 emissions targets we set in FY24, as 
existing business activities, the shadow carbon price is"
,alternative.,"discussed in further detail in the Metrics and Targets 
incorporated into the emissions reduction process as a"
,,
We are focused on playing,,"section below.
threshold on the marginal abatement cost curve, below"
,"At Amplitude Energy, we are committed to delivering",
,,which emissions reduction projects will be considered in
,,
our part in Australia’s energy,"Australian gas to Australian consumers, including",2.  Voluntarily surrendering certified carbon credits
,,the annual corporate planning cycle.
,industrial manufacturers and major energy generators,
,,to offset 100% of our residual equity Scope 1 and
"future, by building on our",and retailers. Our strategy leverages our existing,Our current shadow carbon price assumes a
,,Scope 2 emissions and investigating opportunities
,"offshore and onshore infrastructure across Victoria,",compliance market setting based on the Federal
,,
core business of producing,,to invest directly into carbon projects that generate
,where the industry and community have coexisted for,Government’s cost containment measure. This allows
,,certified credits.
,,
domestic gas for Australian,decades. We have a three-horizon strategy:,"Safeguard facilities to buy ACCUs at a fixed price,"
,,We have been certified by Climate Active as a
,,providing certainty on their maximum compliance costs.
,,
customers.,"Horizon 1 (short-term, 1-2 years): Maximise production",carbon neutral organisation since FY20⁹. We
,,It was introduced in FY24 at a price of A$75/tCO2e
,and value through existing infrastructure and lowering,have reiterated our commitment to voluntarily
,,and is indexed each financial year to the consumer
The Australian Government’s Future Gas Strategy,,
,our cost base.,surrendering certified carbon credits to offset 100%
,,price index plus 2%. For FY26 the price is A$81/tCO2e.
highlights the need for new sources of gas supply to,,
,,of our residual equity Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
"meet demand during the economy-wide transition,","Horizon 2 (medium-term, 3-5 years): Develop",
,,"We also have a voluntary carbon price assumption 
in our updated Climate Action Policy, published"
especially from new gas fields adjacent to existing,resources in established basins to backfill existing,
,,"that is used to budget for voluntary carbon offsetting in 
in July 2025. The objective of direct investment"
infrastructure and the domestic market. It states that,infrastructure and deliver new domestic gas supply to,
,,"accordance with our Climate Action Policy. Our current 
into carbon projects is to influence carbon project"
“without further investment in new gas supply and,Australian customers; add margin and new sources of,
,,"carbon price assumption for this purpose is A$9.3/ 
integrity and design, gain price and supply certainty"
"gas infrastructure, [supply] shortfalls will negatively","revenue by extending downstream in the value chain,",
,,"tCO2e in FY26 reflective of a voluntary carbon market 
and ultimately earn a revenue stream through the"
"affect Australian households and businesses, and",such as into gas storage; position the business for long-,
,,"setting. 
sale of excess credits from our investments."
the reliability of our electricity system”. It is important,"term success in the energy transition, reducing waste",
to note that domestic gas supply positioned close,and emissions and repurposing infrastructure.,3.  Demonstrate our long-term role in the energy
,,9 Amplitude Energy has been certified by Climate Active as a Carbon Neutral
,,"Organisation for its Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions"
"to existing infrastructure and markets, is the lowest",,transition.
,,(embedded energy and business travel). See page 12 of this report for
,"Horizon 3 (long-term, 6-10 years): Develop new",
"cost, lowest emissions source of gas for Australian",,further information on Amplitude Energy’s Carbon Neutral certification.
,,"As noted above, we believe that gas continues to"
,upstream resources into existing infrastructure; grow,
"customers, due to reduced processing and transport",,
,,have a role in Australia’s energy future. We are
,value and leverage the versatility of our infrastructure,
"requirements, when compared to alternatives such as",,
,,pursuing opportunities for our gas to be supplied
,"and product mix, including participating in firming GPG,",
LNG imports.,,
,,to large industrial customers using gas for industrial
,‘drop in’ fuels such as biogas and biomethane and,
"As the way gas is used evolves in the future, so too",,heat and feedstock where there is no commercially
,participating in projects that generate carbon credits,
,,"viable alternative, or to displace higher emission"
will the shape of gas demand. We are investigating,to ensure our role in the decarbonised future.,
,,"fuels, such as diesel or coal. We are also progressing"
gas storage and peaking gas opportunities to deliver,,
,,opportunities to supply our gas directly into power
gas to our customers when they need it. Being able to,,
,,"generation, to provide firm electricity and grid"
"supply gas during peak demand periods, particularly",,
,,stability as coal is retired and more intermittent
when flexible gas-powered generation (GPG) is called,,
,,"renewables are integrated. Longer-term, we are"
"upon, will enable us to capture additional value and",,
,,investigating participation in ‘drop in’ fuels such as
margin. Gas storage could be provided through,,
,,biogas and biomethane that can be blended easily
existing commercial arrangements that allow us,,
,,into our existing infrastructure and leverage our
"to use ‘line pack’ in transmission pipelines, or using",,
,,core capabilities of gas processing and handling.
"depleted reservoirs, such as our Patricia Baleen field.",,
,,We continue to progress the opportunity to use
Gas storage and GPG ensure that gas is available,,
,,empty buffer land surrounding the OGPP to grow
to support reliability of the electricity grid as coal is,,
,,energy crops for biogas production. In the first
retired and more intermittent renewable generation,,
,,"instance, this biogas could be blended into our own"
is integrated under the Australian Government’s,,
,,fuel gas at Orbost to make more sales gas available
renewable energy targets.,,
,,for customers.

=== Table 9 (page 17) ===
,,
Metrics and Targets,,Scope 2: Integrate renewable energy to support Amplitude Energy
,,operations
,,"Metric
Scope 2 emissions"
,,
Our targets,,"Objective
Reduce Scope 2 emissions"
,,"Scope and applicability
Applies to operational sites AGP and OGPP"
Scope 1: Reduce greenhouse gas emissions from flaring by 40% by FY30,,
,,"Period
2023 - 2030"
from FY23 at Company level,,
,,"Base year
2023"
Metric,Scope 1 emissions,"Milestones or interim targets
Nil"
Objective,Reduce Scope 1 emissions,"Target type (absolute or emissions intensity)
Absolute"
Scope and applicability,Applies to base-business operations on an equity basis.,
,,"Carbon credits
No"
,Excludes one-off project related flaring.10,
,,"Informed by latest international agreement of climate and 
No"
Period,2023 - 2030,
,,corresponding jurisdictional commitments?
Base year,2023,
,,"Validation
No"
Milestones or interim targets,Nil,
,,"Review process
Progress is reviewed at least annually by the Risk and"
,,Sustainability Committee.
Target type (absolute or emissions intensity),Absolute,
,,"Metrics for monitoring process
Scope 2 CO2e reduction (location based) attributable to"
Carbon credits,Not planned,
,,renewable energy integration.
Informed by latest international agreement of climate and,No,
,,"Revision
Parent company name changed from Cooper Energy to"
corresponding jurisdictional commitments?,,
,,Amplitude Energy. No other revisions have been made to
,,the target in the current period.
Validation,No,
,,"Progress achieved
The Company is progressing a 715 kW solar PV project at"
Review process,Progress is reviewed at least annually by the Risk and,
,,AGP under a build-own-operate Power Purchase Agreement
,Sustainability Committee.,
,,(PPA) with AGL. Targeting first generation in 2026.
Metrics for monitoring process,Scope 1 CO2e emissions from flaring,
,,"Status
On track"
Revision,No revisions have been made to the target in the current,
,period.,
Progress achieved,Target met in FY25 with a 59% reduction in emissions from,
,,
,"flaring in FY25 compared to FY23 (12,876 tCO2e in FY25 vs 
31,427 tCO2e in FY23).",Performance against climate-related targets
Status,On track. Target met in FY25. Focus for FY26 is to embed the,
,"flaring improvement achieved at OGPP, ensuring it can be",
,,"We measure our performance against relevant 
There was good progress made against our Scope"
,sustainably maintained and preferably improved further.,
,,"climate-related metrics in the annual corporate 
2 target of integrating renewable energy to support"
,,"scorecard. In FY25 scorecard metrics related to 
Amplitude Energy operations. The Company is"
10 Base business operations include operations at AGP and OGPP. One-off project related flaring expected during ECSP well testing in FY26/27.,,
,,"organisational emissions targets and emission 
progressing a 715 kW solar PV project at AGP under"
,,"reduction projects. These targets are cascaded down 
a build-own-operate Power Purchase Agreement"
,,"into executive and individual personal scorecards, 
(PPA) with AGL. Targeting first generation in 2026,"
,,"informing the outcome of performance-based pay. 
the project is expected to supply approximately 25%"
,,of the plant’s electricity demand using renewable
,,Amplitude Energy has made positive progress against
,,"energy, reducing the sites’ Scope 2 emissions and"
,,its emissions reduction targets. In FY25 the Company
,,reducing reliance on grid power.
,,has reported a 59% reduction in emissions from flaring

=== Table 10 (page 18) ===
emissions data in accordance with the requirements,Amplitude Energy’s share of ownership in projects,,
of Australia’s greenhouse gas reporting scheme,and licences. This approach recognises that petroleum,,
established under the National Greenhouse Gas,assets are generally owned in joint ventures with,,
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act).,"other companies, allowing emissions to be accounted",,
,"for in a manner consistent with costs, revenues, and",Scope 2,Scope 3
,production volumes.,,
Operational control basis,,Amplitude Energy primarily adopts the prescribed,Scope 3 emissions refer to indirect greenhouse gas
The NGER Act requires companies to report Scope 1,,emissions factors under Method 1a (default method),"emissions that occur across our value chain, outside"
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy,Calculation Methodology,in the NGER Determination to calculate greenhouse,of the Company’s direct control. The Australian NGER
production and consumption to the Clean Energy,The NGER Act is supported by the National,gas emissions from consumed/purchased electricity.,emissions measurement and reporting framework
Regulator annually. NGER reporting is required on,Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement),Location based factors have been used. Method 1a,does not encompass Scope 3 emissions. The World
an operational control basis. Operational control,"Determination 2008 (NGER Determination), which",emissions factors are generally determined by the,Resources Institute Greenhouse Gas Protocol Technical
calculations only consider activities where Amplitude,specifies methods for calculating Scope 1 and Scope,"regional or sub-regional grid averaged emissions,",Guidance for Scope 3 Emissions splits greenhouse
Energy is the operator and do not consider the,2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption.,if these are not available the national production,gas emissions into 15 categories. Categories 1-8 are
"ownership share of these projects, or participation in",Amplitude Energy applies the relevant NGER guidelines,emissions are used.,defined as relevant Scope 3 emissions for the purposes
"non-operated projects. Therefore, operational control",and methodologies to emissions calculations across its,,of Climate Active certification and categories 9-15 as
,,Amplitude Energy uses invoices to determine the,
figures include our joint venture partners’ equity share,operated assets. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from,,downstream Scope 3 emissions.
,,quantity of consumed/purchased electricity.,
"of emissions where Amplitude Energy is the operator,",non-operated assets are calculated by the operator in,,

=== Table 11 (page 18) ===
Other Metrics,,
,,Scope 1
Voluntarily surrender certified carbon credits to offset 100% of our equity,,
,,Amplitude Energy primarily adopts the prescribed emissions factors under Method 1 (default method) in the NGER
,,
residual Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,,Determination to calculate greenhouse gas emissions. Method 1 emissions factors utilise average estimates and
,,pre-defined emission factors to calculate greenhouse gas emissions for identified activity data.
Metric,Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions offset using carbon,
,,The estimation procedures under Method 1 are primarily derived from methodologies used by the Department
,credits each representing one tonne of carbon dioxide,
,equivalent,"of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW) for the preparation of Australia’s National"
,,Greenhouse Accounts.
Objective,Mitigation of residual Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,
,,Method 2 allows the use of facility-specific information in conjunction with pre-defined emissions factors.
Scope and applicability,Applies company wide on an equity basis,
,,The table below summarises how Amplitude Energy gathers its activity data.
Period,FY25,
Carbon credits,100% of the Company’s equity residual Scope 1 and,
,Scope 2 emissions will be offset using carbon credits,
,,"Method
Category
Activity Data"
Revision,This metric has been revised in FY25 to align with the,
,company’s updated Climate Action Policy. It no longer,
,,"Method 1
Fuel
•  quantity of own-use fuel is measured via meters"
,refers to a ‘carbon neutral’ position status and no,
,,•  purchased fuel volumes are obtained from invoices
,longer incorporates what the company has referred,
,to as ‘relevant Scope 3’.,
,,"Method 1
Flare and Vent
•  quantity of gas flared or vented is measured via meters, or"
,,•  engineering calculations
Progress achieved,Target met for FY25,
,,"Method 1
Fugitive Emissions
•  product throughput and infrastructure details"
Status,Planning underway for FY26,
,,•  non routine venting
,,•  produced water
,,•  blowdown
,,•  gas transmission
,,
Greenhouse gas,,pipelines
,,
emissions,,"Method 2
Fugitive Emissions
• 
infrastructure details, run times and product composition"
,,•  pipelines
,,•  compressors
,,•  wellheads
,,
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,Equity share basis,
,Emissions calculated using an equity share approach,
,,There have been no changes to the emissions calculation methodologies from the prior year.
Amplitude Energy submits annual Scope 1 and 2,accounts for greenhouse gas emissions according to,
emissions data in accordance with the requirements,Amplitude Energy’s share of ownership in projects,
of Australia’s greenhouse gas reporting scheme,and licences. This approach recognises that petroleum,
established under the National Greenhouse Gas,assets are generally owned in joint ventures with,
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act).,"other companies, allowing emissions to be accounted",
,"for in a manner consistent with costs, revenues, and","Scope 2
Scope 3"
,production volumes.,
Operational control basis,,"Amplitude Energy primarily adopts the prescribed 
Scope 3 emissions refer to indirect greenhouse gas"
The NGER Act requires companies to report Scope 1,,"emissions factors under Method 1a (default method) 
emissions that occur across our value chain, outside"
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy,Calculation Methodology,"in the NGER Determination to calculate greenhouse 
of the Company’s direct control. The Australian NGER"
production and consumption to the Clean Energy,The NGER Act is supported by the National,"gas emissions from consumed/purchased electricity. 
emissions measurement and reporting framework"
Regulator annually. NGER reporting is required on,Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement),"Location based factors have been used. Method 1a 
does not encompass Scope 3 emissions. The World"
an operational control basis. Operational control,"Determination 2008 (NGER Determination), which","emissions factors are generally determined by the 
Resources Institute Greenhouse Gas Protocol Technical"
calculations only consider activities where Amplitude,specifies methods for calculating Scope 1 and Scope,"regional or sub-regional grid averaged emissions, 
Guidance for Scope 3 Emissions splits greenhouse"
Energy is the operator and do not consider the,2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption.,"if these are not available the national production 
gas emissions into 15 categories. Categories 1-8 are"
"ownership share of these projects, or participation in",Amplitude Energy applies the relevant NGER guidelines,"emissions are used. 
defined as relevant Scope 3 emissions for the purposes"
"non-operated projects. Therefore, operational control",and methodologies to emissions calculations across its,of Climate Active certification and categories 9-15 as
,,Amplitude Energy uses invoices to determine the
figures include our joint venture partners’ equity share,operated assets. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from,downstream Scope 3 emissions.
,,quantity of consumed/purchased electricity.
"of emissions where Amplitude Energy is the operator,",non-operated assets are calculated by the operator in,
and exclude Amplitude Energy’s equity share emissions,accordance with NGER methodologies.,
,,11 See page 12 of this report for definition of “Relevant Scope 3 emissions”.
from assets operated by others.,,

=== Table 12 (page 19) ===
,,,,,Carbon Credits,
Greenhouse gas emissions – Equity Share,,,,,,
,,,,,Amplitude Energy’s Climate Action Policy establishes,By working to obtain a larger portion of our total
,Greenhouse gas emissions – Equity share basis,,,,,
,,,,,an emissions reduction hierarchy of avoidance and,carbon credits through foundational contracts or direct
Category,FY25,FY24¹,FY23,Units,"reduction, while voluntarily surrendering certified","project involvement, we gain greater line of sight and"
,,,,,carbon credits to offset 100% of our residual equity,transparency in project integrity and due diligence.
Emissions data,,,,,,
,,,,,Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.,
,,,,,,Amplitude Energy has processes in place to ensure
Scope 1 (direct) emissions,"83,609","99,234","91,355",tonne CO2 -e,,
,,,,,,that only verified units issued by a selection of
,,,,,The Company’s approach,
Scope 2 (electricity,"1,542","1,543","1,685",tonne CO2 -e,,internationally recognised registries will be purchased
,,,,,,
consumed) emissions,,,,,to carbon credits is evolving,"and retired. During FY25, Verified Carbon Units issued"
(location based),,,,,,under the Verified Carbon Standard and Australian
,,,,,as we seek to move up the,
,,,,,,Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) issued by the Australian
Relevant Scope 3 emissions,"18,505","23,701","7,479",tonne CO2 -e,,
,,,,,,
(e.g. embedded energy and,,,,,value chain in carbon project,Clean Energy Regulator were used to offset the
,,,,,,company’s residual emissions. These carbon credits
,,,,,,
business travel),,,,,"origination, a Horizon 3",
,,,,,,were from a mix of domestic and international nature-
Total organisational,"103,656","124,478","100,519",tonne CO2 -e,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,aspect of our Strategy.,based carbon removals and carbon reduction projects.
emissions,,,,,,
Emissions offsets retired,"-103,977","-126,304","-117,377",tonne CO2 -e,,
and retirement balance,,,,,,
from previous year,,,,,,
Net organisation emissions,0,0,0,tonne CO2 -e,,
Offsets retired and banked,321,"1,826","16,858",tonne CO2 -e,,
for future years,,,,,,
Total Scope 3 (including,"1,484,405","1,270,936","1,245,441",tonne CO2 -e,,
customer emissions) after,,,,,,
offsets,,,,,,
,Emissions Intensity Data (Scope 1 + Scope 2 + relevant Scope 3),,,,,
Total organisation emissions,23.8,33.5,28.2,kg CO2 -e/boe,,
intensity (before offsets),,,,,,
Net organisation emissions,0,0,0,kg CO2 -e/boe,,
intensity (after offsets),,,,,,
,Emissions Intensity Data (including downstream Scope 3 customer emissions),,,,,
Total emissions intensity,341.1,342.0,349.6,kg CO2 -e/boe,,
after offsets,,,,,,
Supplementary / Supporting Data,,,,,,
Production – energy units,"26,631","22,745","21,797",TJ,,
Production – volume,4.35,3.72,3.56,MMboe,,
equivalent,,,,,,
,¹  Changes were made to the previously reported Scope 3 emissions (and corresponding offset retirements) following changes to certain emission factors used by,,,,,
,Climate Active to determine relevant Scope 3 emissions. An ASX announcement relating to these changes was made on the 5 November 2024 and is reflected,,,,,
in the above table.,,,,,,