=== Page 3 ===
2 Sustainability Report FY25    3Our FY25 Sustainability 
Performance
Environment
Carbon neutral0 Reportable  
spills Health and Safety
0 Lost time 
injuries
Certified Carbon  
Neutral organisation1
Since FY20
33% female Board 
50% female ELTGender diversity297,854 hours worked
1  Amplitude Energy has been certified by Climate Active as a Carbon Neutral organisation for its Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions (embedded 
energy and business travel). The Company achieves this status by working to avoid and minimise direct emissions and purchasing and surrendering verified 
carbon credits to compensate for its residual emissions. Certification was first achieved in June 2021 for the FY20 period. Climate Active commenced 
consultation on the future of its program in October 2023, but no announcement has yet been made. Amplitude Energy will continue to assess its position  
in respect of Climate Active certification in future years based on the outcomes of any review and its own assessment of the certification.Proudly part of the  
Australian  
Made  
Campaign

=== Page 4 ===
4 Sustainability Report FY25    5With the business now well positioned for 
transformational growth through our East Coast 
Supply Project (ECSP), I am pleased to report, in our 
seventh Sustainability Report, that we have gained 
momentum in delivering against our sustainability 
objectives and living by our new Purpose and 
Values as announced in FY24. In this past year, 
we have rebranded to Amplitude Energy, a name 
representative of who we are today as a business 
– a dedicated domestic natural gas explorer and 
producer proudly playing our part in Australia’s energy 
future. ‘Amplitude’ is an industry term that measures 
the resource potential of a new gas opportunity and 
is defined as the maximum extent of a vibration or 
oscillation, representing our company aiming to reach 
its maximum potential.
In FY25, we were proudly endorsed by WORK180 as 
an employer of choice for women, providing national 
recognition as an organisation demonstrating genuine 
commitment to supporting women’s careers and 
creating a work environment where gender diversity  
is celebrated.
As Australia moves towards lower emissions, natural 
gas will continue to play a crucial role in driving our 
economy and delivering consistent, reliable and 
affordable energy supply. At Amplitude Energy, we 
remain committed to delivering energy for Australian 
homes, businesses and industry, and building authentic 
partnerships to ‘amplify’ the success of the company 
and the local communities in which we operate. 
The role of gas in supporting Australia’s ambitions to 
integrate more variable renewable energy into the 
electricity network has never been clearer. Like previous 
years, we saw gas-fired power generation (GPG) more 
than double from April through to June 2025 when 
colder weather hit and unexpected outages were 
experienced at coal-fired power generation across 
NSW, Queensland and Victoria. In Victoria, where  
we operate, gas demand for GPG recorded its highest 
June average in almost 20 years and GPG demand reached a new winter record across the east coast 
on 26 June 2025 due to low wind availability. Overall, 
the average level of unavailable coal capacity due to 
outages increased by 28% compared to the same 
quarter in 2024, driving increasing volatility in both 
electricity and gas prices.
The role of gas in supply chain security and 
providing industrial heat and feedstock to Australian 
manufacturing is increasingly recognised among 
key stakeholders, including the Federal and State 
governments. Victoria’s latest Gas Security Plan, 
released in June 2025, identifies the need for new 
supply sources to bridge the gap to demand from 
2029, consistent with the outlooks modelled by the 
Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO).
In September 2024, we held our first community 
breakfast since taking operatorship of the Orbost Gas 
Processing Plant (OGPP), where community members 
and local government were invited to tour our facility 
and talk to our team about our operations. In May 
2025, we held our third community event at the Athena 
Gas Plant (AGP) and we continue to be reminded 
through these events, of the importance of domestic 
gas production to these rural regions. In the Otway 
and East Gippsland – gas is an important fuel for food 
production and processing. Western and Eastern 
regional Victoria accommodates more than 40% of 
Australia’s dairy industry and local manufacturers 
use gas to heat their boilers, processing milk into dairy 
products such as milk power, butter and cheese.  
Our gas is produced and processed in regional Victoria 
and used by local customers. Locally sourced and  
used gas has lower transport costs and emissions 
when compared to gas transported over longer 
distances, such as gas imported from overseas.
This year we updated our Climate Action Policy.  
We continue to support the Australian Government’s 
commitment to the Paris Agreement and their 
recognition of the role of natural gas in Australia’s 
economy. Since setting our Scope 1 and 2 targets in FY24, we have made considerable progress. Our 
FY25 greenhouse gas emissions from flaring are 59% 
lower than FY23 levels, compared to a target of 40% 
reduction by FY30. This significant improvement in our 
flaring has been delivered by the improved stability 
and performance of OGPP, where we have not only 
reduced the amount of unplanned downtime, but also 
the number of planned outages, since decreasing  
both the frequency and duration of absorber cleans. 
When the plant is operating consistently, more of our 
gas is able to be sent to local customers, rather than 
being flared. 
We have also taken a significant step forward on our 
Scope 2 emissions target, to integrate renewable 
energy to support Amplitude Energy operations.  
In August 2025, we signed a power purchase 
agreement (PPA) with AGL to build a behind-the-meter 
solar PV plant at AGP. The energy produced by this 
solar PV plant will be used to run utility servers at AGP, 
with any surplus power directed back into the grid.  
AGL are now working through detailed design, with  
the aim of bringing the solar PV plant online in 2026. 
This project not only reduces our Scope 2 emissions,  
as the power is currently drawn from the Victorian grid, 
which is the most carbon intensive electricity across 
Australia, it also reduces our operating costs over time, 
as we will be reducing the amount of electricity we 
need to purchase. 
In addition, we have made strong progress reducing 
our physical emissions across our operations over the 
last year. Projects delivered or in execution in FY25 will 
reduce our emissions by over 5,000 tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent each year, and we continue to work 
through the identified opportunities across our two 
operated assets. 
As stated in our updated Climate Action Policy, we 
remain committed to voluntarily offset our residual 
equity Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
Pleasingly, our health, safety and environmental 
performance remained positive through FY25,  
a year with a high level of intensive work including 
two planned maintenance outages at AGP and OGPP.  
Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (events 
per million hours worked) of 3.36, was better than our 
rate in FY24 and ahead of the industry benchmark of 
5.16. We had no significant process safety events and 
no recordable environmental incidents with more than 
minor local impacts. In recognition for our strong safety 
culture and performance, we proudly accepted the 
widely coveted 2025 Safety Excellence Award from 
Australian Energy Producers (AEP), for delivering  
safety excellence across our BMG Decommissioning 
campaign in FY24. 
Since announcing the initiative last year, our sulphur 
by-product from OGPP is now being used as a 
fertiliser in the local East Gippsland region. In the first 
half of FY25, Amplitude Energy partnered with the Foreword
1AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025.
2AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report.
3AEMO, Quarterly Energy Dynamics Q2 2025, July 2025.
4AER, Q2 2025 Wholesale Markets Quarterly Report.
5 Dairy Australia, Production & Sales Statistics, Year to Date 2024-25.
Gippsland Agricultural Group (GAgG) to compare 
the effectiveness of our sulphur with imported, 
commercially purchased sulphur fertiliser. Sulphur 
is one of the big four fertiliser elements, crucial 
for assisting with soil microbiology. Following the 
success of the six-month trial, where our sulphur 
was demonstrated to exhibit identical properties to 
commercially available sulphur (typically imported  
from overseas), we continue to partner with GAgG  
to deliver our sulphur to its member farmers, 
supporting more sustainable and cost-effective 
farming practices across the East Gippsland region.
Our strong performance through FY25 demonstrates 
Amplitude Energy’s focus, on both sustainability and 
long-term value for our shareholders, through projects 
that deliver win-win outcomes with our stakeholders. 
Amplitude Energy continues to invest directly in local 
communities through our employees, our suppliers  
and direct initiatives. Some examples include:
• Through our continued support of the Neil Porter 
Legacy, we hosted three school and educational 
visits to AGP, driving opportunities to improve energy 
literacy across the youth community and inspire 
regional students with local career pathways in  
our industry.
• We continued as Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS) 
Victoria’s major corporate partner, helping to deliver 
essential care closer to home for those living in the 
areas where we operate.
• We provided sponsorships and donations to the 
Warrnambool Surf Life Saving Foundation, local 
events such as the Timboon 150-year anniversary 
celebration, the Orbost Snowy Rovers Football 
Netball Club and a range of local community 
leadership and social inclusion programs.
In closing, Amplitude Energy is proud to play its part 
in Australia’s energy future as we embark on our 
next phase of growth through the ECSP, aiming to 
deliver enough gas to meet the needs of 600,000 
Victorian homes from as early as 2028. This report 
offers insights into our operations and our unwavering 
commitment to our social and environmental 
responsibilities.
Jane Norman
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Our strong performance 
through FY25 demonstrates 
Amplitude Energy’s focus, on 
both sustainability and long-term 
value for our shareholders.

=== Page 6 ===
8 Sustainability Report FY25    9
Health and Safety
EnvironmentPerformance FY2025 FY2024 
Fatalities 0 0
Lost-Time Injuries (LTI) 0 1
Other Recordable Injuries11 2
Hours Worked 297,854 689,398
Injury Frequency Rates - per million hours worked
Lower numbers indicate better outcomes
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)20.00 1.45
Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)33.36 4.35
Industry Benchmark TRIFR45.16 5.86
Performance FY2025 FY2024 
Reportable Hydrocarbon Spills 0 0
Other Reportable Events10 01 One Restricted Work Case Injury in FY2025.
2 LTI = Lost Time Injury. Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate LTIFR is the number of LTIs per million hours worked.
3 TRIFR is recordable injuries (medical treatment injuries + restricted work case + lost time injuries + fatalities) per million hours worked. Calculated
 on a rolling 12-month basis
⁴ Industry TRIFR is the NOPSEMA benchmark for offshore Australian operations; data is updated every 3 months; published at www.nopsema.gov.au
1 Reportable As defined by Offshore Petroleum and Greenhouse Gas Storage (Environment) Regulations 2009 or notifiable as defined by the Victorian   
  Environment Protection Act 2017.

=== Page 7 ===
10 Sustainability Report FY25    11
Notably, we achieved 
an emissions reduction 
of 12,876 tCO2e from 
flaring compared to our 
FY23 baseline which 
resulted from operational 
improvements at OGPP.Emissions Reduction
Since gaining ownership of the Athena Gas Plant (AGP) and Orbost Gas Processing Plant (OGPP), Amplitude Energy 
has embedded a process to identify, assess and implement emissions reduction opportunities across our business. 
The process aligns emissions reduction activities with existing business processes and sets a continual improvement 
cycle. The framework is illustrated in the figure below.
Notably, we achieved an emissions reduction of 12,876 tCO2e from flaring compared to our FY23 baseline which 
resulted from operational improvements at OGPP. In addition, other emission reduction projects delivered or in 
execution in FY25 are expected to further reduced our emissions by of over 5,000 tCO2e each year.
Athena Solar Project
With support from our ECSP partner O.G. Energy, 
Amplitude Energy is progressing a 715 kW solar PV 
project at AGP under a build-own-operate Power 
Purchase Agreement (PPA) with AGL. Targeting 
first generation in 2026, the project is expected to 
supply approximately 25% of the plant’s electricity 
demand using renewable energy, significantly reducing 
reliance on grid power. This initiative is a strong 
example of Amplitude Energy’s values in action—
Acting Responsibly by reducing Scope 2 emissions, 
Thinking Differently through a no-capex PPA model, 
and Delivering Together in partnership with our gas 
customer, AGL.Orbost Flash to Fuel Gas Initiative 
Amplitude Energy has successfully modified OGPP 
to divert gas previously sent to flare into the fuel gas 
system for plant operations, lowering emissions and 
improving energy efficiency. Since the March 2025 
shutdown, over 1000 GJ of gas has been diverted to 
the fuel gas system and additional work is planned in 
FY26 to further reduce flared gas.