=== Page 7 ===
ESG topic Risk Type 
(ESG)Associated risk/
consequenceMitigating/managing actions
Responsible mortgage lending practices
G, S Irresponsible 
mortgage provision  by brokers
Poor recognition  
of customer  needs amongst underserved•
Responsible Lending and Best Interests Duty Policies in place for mortgage and finance brok 
ers 
•Comprehensive compliance training requir
ements for mortgage and 
finance brokers 
•Dedicated compliance function 
•Legal review of any product marketing campaigns
•Suite of products (including low document mortgages) aimed at underserved borr
owers including the self-employed, later-life lending, part-time and casual 
workers, and customers with credit impairments 
•Use of Comprehensive Credit Reporting t
o enable a more precise measure 
of credit risk to improve assessment of underserved customers
•Active participation in Mortgage and Finance Association of Austr
alia though 
a position on the Board of directors, chair of the compliance committee and membership of the Aggregator Forum
Climate risks in mortgage portfolio
E Increasing likelihood of floods and fires in some areas rendering properties uninsurable, increasing loan delinquency •
Climate scenario risk modelling to help make informed lending choices and to ensure adequate insur 
ance coverage on existing loans
•Each property in portfolio assessed for climate risk using actual weather 
ev
ents and ability of regions to recover from events. This is dynamically 
updated as new events unfold and is overlaid with Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) data to provide a forecast of the current portfolio into 2030 & 2050
Own emissions’ impact on climate
E Business operations contributing to warmer climate 
Reputational risk  
if fail to adapt•
Board level ov ersight of climate risks through Board Risk and Compliance 
Committee
•Sustainability Management Committee and employee-led ‘Green T
eam’
• Voluntary annual measurement of carbon emissions (that AFG has influence over)
•Minimising travel and voluntar y purchase of offsets to cover unavoidable 
travel emissions 
•Introduction of energy saving initiatives and r
ecycling program in head office
•Transition to paperless documentation (still in progr
ess) 
•Employee volunteer tree planting da
ys 
•AFG Securities’ Plant-A-Tree program for every securitised loan settled07
Sustainability at AFG 
Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 15 ===
Risks from changing climate:
Climate risk is integrated into our risk management framework 
and is considered at all Management Risk and Compliance Committee meetings, held quarterly, and Board Risk and Compliance Committee meetings.
The main risks identified in FY24 relate to the lending portfolio 
under AFG Securities (AFGS). Adverse events resulting from climate change, in particular floods, fires and drought, would  
affect the ability of customers to repay loans, potentially leading to a higher rate  of defaults.
 
Addressing risk in the AFGS lending portfolio:
To address risks, climate scenario risk modelling has been 
introduced into AFG Securities’ lending portfolio to help make informed lending choices and to ensure adequate insurance coverage is in place for new loans. 
Under this system, each property in the portfolio is assessed 
for climate risk using actual weather events and the ability of regions to recover from events. 
This is dynamically updated as new events unfold and is overlaid with RCP data to provide a forecast of the current portfolio into 2030 and 2050.
Analysis is also done on the short-term impact of building insurance premiums, replicating that produced by the Actuaries Institute of Australia. 
Output modelling is then fed into AFG’s loan origination 
system to identify at-risk applications where stated building insurance may be less than is required for that property given climate risks. 
This aims to deliver information which is used to raise awareness with prospective borrowers about rising premiums and to honour AFG’s obligations under the Responsible Lending provisions of the National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth). 
Risks to the broader AFG business
We are aware there is reputational risk to our business if we do 
not to adapt to climate change, and fail to meet stakeholder expectations. 
Conversely, there are also opportunities if we proactively 
address the challenges. AFG will continue to highlight the sustainable partners it works with and will seek opportunities to work with organisations that are taking an active lead in addressing the challenges of climate change.Environmental
3	The	Paris	Agreement 	is	a	legally	binding	international 	treaty	on	climate	change.	It	was	adopted	by	196	countries, 	including 	Australia, 	at	the	UN	Climate	Change	
Conference 	(COP21)	in	Paris,	France,	on	12	December 	2015.	It	entered	into	force	on	4	November 	2016.AFG recognises that addressing the threat posed by climate change requires immediate and urgent action. We are conscious that failing to address these risks will have catastrophic consequences for the environment and economy. AFG therefore supports the transition to net zero emissions by 2050 in alignment  with the Paris Agreement
3. AFG is on  
a journey to reduce its own emissions  and will work with our employees, customers and communities to drive wider positive impact.Our climate 
commitment
As a servicer and manager of residential 
home loans, AFG’s securitised lending arm AFG Securities does not lend directly to the fossil fuels industry, including coal or coal products, natural or derived gas, crude oil, petroleum products and non-renewable wastes. Similarly, AFG Securities does not lend directly to companies involved with native forest logging. AFG has an interest in securitised lender Thinktank Group Pty Ltd, which also does not lend directly to these industries. While these companies do not lend directly to these industries, some of their loan customers may be employees or shareholders of such businesses.Fossil fuels15
Sustainability at AFG 
Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 16 ===
Knowing that we are 
safeguarding our brokers’ and clients’ sensitive information is incredibly rewarding. At AFG, we prioritise security and continuously strive to enhance our measures to maintain trust and protect data.
Rob
Head	of	Information 	Security
Our own footprint:
To understand our impact on the climate, AFG measures its 
own Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, using the services of an independent consultant. We have been voluntarily measuring our footprint since 2021. 
In measuring our emissions, AFG’s scope and organisational 
boundary were determined in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (World Business Council for Sustainable Development, World Resources Institute, 2004).
The boundary follows the operational control model and 
includes the aspects of AFG’s supply chain that our organisation has influence over. GHG emissions from  the AFG Group have been included and reported on  where activity data was available and provided to the  independent consultant. AFG is still refining its data capture process, and not all Scope 3 emissions are able to be measured or reported at this stage.
This year, the boundary of our GHG emissions inventory 
widened with inclusion of the facilities associated with BrokerEngine (100% owned by AFG since 31 August 2023) and Fintelligence (83% owned by AFG as at 30 June 2024). The FY24 measurement therefore took into consideration expanded activity, increased number of employees and additional offices.
This year’s measurement determined we produced 1,265.37 
tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (t CO
2-e) gross between 
1 July 2023 and 30 June 2024. This was a decrease on the year before, when 1,484.1 t CO
2-e (gross) was disclosed in 
the FY23 annual report. 
GHG emissions scope Emissions (t CO 2-e) Percentage
Scope 1 1.26 0.1
Scope 2 115.36 9.1
Scope 3 1,148.75 90.8
Total 1,265.37 100Emissions summary
Summary of AFG’s gross emissions by scope
Our main GHG emitting activities were 
associated with business travel and employee commuting. AFG looks to address employee commuting emissions through its hybrid work policy (AFG Group Work From Home Policy).
As a national organisation we face 
challenges with eliminating interstate travel, however we continue to take steps to reduce this where possible and have chosen to voluntarily purchase offsets to match emissions created through travel throughout the year.Vehicle fuel 
consumption,  1.26 t CO
2-e (0.1%) Electricity use, 115.36 t CO
2-e (9.1%) 
Upstream  leased assets,  116.84 t CO
2-e (9.2%) Employee commuting, 352.13 t CO
2-e (27.9%) Purchased goods  and services,  244.58 t CO
2-e (19.3%)Indirect fuel and energy use,  12.15 t CO
2-e (1.0%) 
Business travel,  386.41 t CO
2-e (30.5%)Waste generated  in operations,  36.64 t CO
2-e (2.9%) 
02004006008001,0001,200
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3Scope 1
Scope 3Scope 216 AFG 
Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 17 ===
The highlight of my day 
is collaborating with our brokers to create customised strategies that drive their success. Building strong, mutually beneficial partnerships is what makes our work truly impactful.
Lisa
Partnership Manager
Addressing our own emissions 
AFG continues to seek ways to reduce its own emissions.
We actively aim to minimise our use of paper and office 
consumables, and have moved to paperless documentation across many of our activities.
A comprehensive recycling system was introduced in AFG’s 
Perth head office in 2022 which has diverted a significant amount of waste from landfill. 
Timed lights, carefully tuned air conditioning systems and 
new energy efficient printers across all our State offices,  
has also helped to reduce our energy requirements. 
AFG continues to operate a hybrid working policy, which we 
expect to help lower our emissions by reducing the number of employees commuting to work each day.
Offsetting travel emissions 
AFG works hard to reduce travel where possible, but as  a national organisation there are still unavoidable flights  and associated accommodation which produce greenhouse gas emissions. 
For the second consecutive year, we have addressed those 
unavoidable emissions by voluntarily purchasing carbon offsets from environmental not-for-profit organisation, Greenfleet Australia.
AFG has purchased offsets to cover 388 tonnes of 
greenhouse gas emissions produced through our FY24 flights and accommodation. This includes travel for AFG employees associated with the events we hold to support our brokers across Australia.
Greenfleet will use the funds received from these offsets to 
plant native trees in its biodiverse forests across Australia and New Zealand. Legally protected for up to 100 years, these forests absorb carbon from the atmosphere, improve soil and water quality and restore critical ecosystems by providing vital habitat for native wildlife.The FY24 purchase of carbon offsets is in addition to AFG’s buying of carbon offsets in FY23 to cover 490 tonnes of GHGs. The carbon offsets purchased were allocated to Greenfleet’s Lyrebird site in Victoria’s Gippsland region.
Previously cleared for grazing, this property has been 
revegetated to deliver climate action and create habitat for species. These include koalas, the Swift Parrot, Gang-gang Cockatoo, and Greater Glider; an endangered species that has been heavily impacted by land clearing. 
Greenfleet has a robust verification process in place for 
its carbon offsetting projects. The Full Carbon Accounting Model, developed by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation and approved by the Australian Government Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water is used to measure each forest planted by Greenfleet. Greenfleet’s carbon estate is also verified by a Federal Government accredited auditor annually, and Pitcher Partners independently audits Greenfleet’s work.
Plant A Tree initiative:
AFG plants one tree for every securitised home loan written 
by AFG Securities, under a partnership with not-for-profit Carbon Positive Australia. 
The native species trees are being planted on degraded 
sites - predominantly in Western Australia and New South Wales - providing corridors for native fauna and supporting biodiversity and ecosystem restoration. The initiative was introduced in July 2022 and has resulted in more than 4,000 trees being planted as a result. 
AFG Green Team: 
AFG established its Green Team in 2022, comprising 
passionate employees from across the business who are committed to making AFG a cleaner and greener company at a grass roots level. 
The Green Team has been responsible for implementing a 
recycling program in our head office, donation of second hand electronic items to good causes, facilitating our annual tree planting events, putting a green lens on staff events, and raising general employee awareness about sustainability.
17Sustainability at AFG 
Sustainability Report 2024