=== Page 33 ===
Identify, analyse and manage 
sustainability-related risks 
and opportunities through 
application of our Risk 
Management  Framework.
Monitor the regulatory and 
policy landscape relating to 
sustainability to implement 
processes to comply with 
requirements as they arise. Integrate management planning 
for the sustainability-related 
risks and opportunities into the 
Company strategic and business 
planning cycles.
Establish processes to identify 
opportunities to improve 
energy and water efficiency, 
reduce waste, reduce and 
manage emissions and where 
practicable, embracing clean 
energy technologies. Engage with our stakeholders in 
a respectful, open and honest 
manner, in all cases upholding 
ethical business practices and 
complying with all applicable 
legal requirements. 
Promote awareness of 
sustainability and sustainable 
practices to strengthen 
capabilities and skillset within 
our workforce.Engage with Indigenous Peoples 
to develop and strengthen 
relationships. We will consult 
with Indigenous Peoples on 
how to manage the impacts of 
our operations on Indigenous 
cultural heritage, in accordance 
with agreed plans and 
arrangements.  Through the attraction and 
retention of the “right people” and 
creating a safe and respectful 
working environment we will build 
a workforce that represents the 
communities in which we operate 
and provides a platform for our 
people to do their best. Contribute to the conservation 
of biodiversity by implementing 
integrated approaches to land 
use planning and environmental 
management in areas affected 
by our operations.OUR SUSTAINABILITY PRINCIPLES 
The core set of sustainability principles that guide our practices and underpin our sustainability approach and strategy are: 
2024 ANNUAL REPORT | 29

=== Page 36 ===
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
In our FY2023 Sustainability Report, we centred our reporting around four key focus areas which had been 
developed to guide our sustainability efforts and initiatives. 
These focus areas were:
• Water Efficiency and Containment: 
Optimise resource use in water, 
energy, and consumables, 
including waste.
• Diversity and Inclusion: Foster a 
diverse and inclusive workplace 
that reflects community diversity.
• Carbon and Climate Change: 
Reduce carbon emissions and 
promote renewable energy 
adoption.
• Biodiversity and Land: Ensure 
positive environmental, economic, 
and social outcomes throughout 
the mining lifecycle.A materiality assessment was again 
conducted this reporting period 
which took into account future 
mandatory reporting obligations and 
anticipated legislative changes. The 
revised materiality assessment results 
have informed the structure of this 
year’s Sustainability Report.
Aeris Resources’ materiality 
assessment was designed to identify 
and prioritise the sustainability issues 
that are most relevant to our business 
and stakeholders. The assessment 
involved evaluation of various factors, 
including industry trends, stakeholder 
expectations, and potential risks and 
impacts on our operations and long-
term strategy.The results were cross referenced with 
the GRI 14 Mining Sector Standard to 
determine which specific disclosure 
topics are most relevant to our 
operations. This focused approach 
ensures that our reporting is 
addressing the most material aspects 
of our business, reflecting stakeholder 
concerns and aligning our known 
opportunities and risks against the 
GRI reporting requirements. 
Risk Matrix for Sustainability Reporting Purposes
32 | AERIS RESOURCES

=== Page 37 ===
The assessment highlighted topics that are considered to 
be of higher risk due to their potential on Aeris Resources’ 
operations, activities, and stakeholders. All Standards 
ranking as high risk on this matrix were determined to be 
material topics for sustainability reporting purposes.
Although not in the same high risk category, Water 
and Effluents (GRI 14.7), Non-Discrimination and Equal 
Opportunity (GRI 14.21), Local Communities (GRI 14.10) 
and Occupational Health and Safety (GRI 14.16) were also 
identified as material topics as they are considered to be 
core sustainability reporting topics of interest to internal 
and external stakeholders, as well as imperative to the 
operation of our business and to maintaining our social 
licence to operate.
A total of nine material topics were identified 
and included in the FY24 Sustainability Report.Environment
Energy & Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Climate Adaptation & Mitigation
Water & Effluents
Tailings
Closure & Rehabilitation
People
Non-discrimination & Equal Opportunity
Community
Economic Impacts
Local Communities
Health, Safety & Wellbeing
Occupational Health & SafetyMaterial Topics for Reporting
2024 ANNUAL REPORT | 33

=== Page 38 ===
ENVIRONMENT
With mines and projects across multiple states in Australia, we operate in several unique environments  
home to diverse ecosystems. 
Our mining operations impact these 
environments, so we have designed 
processes and procedures to monitor 
and manage our environmental 
impacts. We embed these processes 
throughout our operations and 
promote awareness among our 
employees to ensure that we 
maintain our social license to operate 
and act responsibility in delivering our 
products. 
ENERGY & GREENHOUSE  
GAS EMISSIONS 
With the pressing challenges of 
climate change and the global call 
for sustainable solutions, the issues of 
energy, carbon emissions and climate 
change remain a central focus to 
our operations and our stakeholders. 
Sustainability is becoming a key 
concern for consumers and with 
growing regulatory, societal and 
investor demands, there has been 
an increase on the emphasis of Aeris 
Resources’ operational emissions and 
energy efficiency.
We are conscious of the need to 
manage our operational emissions 
and the demand for producing 
minerals with limited environmental 
impact. Simultaneously, the mass 
scale energy transition to a lower 
carbon economy presents a rising 
demand for the base and precious 
metal we produce. Copper, in 
particular, is essential for the 
renewable energy infrastructure that 
underpins the shift to sustainable 
energy systems.Aeris Resources reports Scope 1 and 
2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions 
to the Clean Energy Regulator 
(CER) annually, in accordance with 
Australia’s National Greenhouse 
and Energy Reporting (NGER) 
Scheme. As a result, data on energy 
consumption and greenhouse gas 
emissions from fossil fuel combustion 
and electricity usage at each facility 
has been prepared and calculated 
following the NGER methodology and 
adhering to the guidelines set forth by 
the Department of Climate Change, 
Energy, the Environment and Water’s 
National Greenhouse Accounts 
(NGA) Factors (August, 2023).
Mining operations are energy-
intensive and contribute to  
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, 
primarily from the use of fossil 
fuel-powered machinery and the 
consumption of both self-generated 
and purchased electricity. Our operations heavily rely on 
liquid fuels, primarily diesel, for 
our machinery and vehicles. This 
comprises 48% of our total energy 
profile, while liquefied petroleum 
gas (LPG) only used at our Cracow 
site makes up almost 1%. Electricity 
purchased from the grid powers our 
offices, mining infrastructure, and 
processing activities, and comprises 
37% of our total energy profile. In 
FY24, our total energy consumption 
amounted to 1,332,575 GJ. The 
energy mix across our sites varies 
based on their location, operation 
and infrastructure, with key forms of 
energy being electricity (network grid 
and natural gas generation supply) 
and diesel.
FY24 Total Energy Profile by Fuel Source
Diesel (GJ) 
47.9 %Electricity (GJ) 
36.9%
LPG (GJ)  
0.6%
Natural Gas (GJ) 
14.6%
34 | AERIS RESOURCES

=== Page 39 ===
At our Tritton and Cracow operations, 
diesel is primarily used for mining 
machinery, heavy transport, and 
light vehicles. A diesel power plant 
is also required at Tritton, while 
Cracow uses LPG for boilers, furnaces, 
and production activities. At both 
sites, we use grid electricity to 
power processing activities and site 
infrastructure. 
Jaguar and North Queensland 
Operations are not connected 
to the electricity grid and rely on 
hydrocarbon-based fuels and  
natural gas, as a result of their  
remote locations.
North Queensland Operations  
use diesel as the fuel for electricity 
generation and for mining 
machinery.
At Jaguar Operations, we supply 
the natural gas used by the on-
site power station, which is owned 
and operated by Pacific Energy, 
a third-party contractor. All of the 
electricity generated from this power 
station is used exclusively by Aeris 
Resources, with none being fed back 
into the grid. As such, natural gas 
consumption for power generation 
is classified as a Scope 1 emission 
source.  Natural gas generated 
electricity is also supplemented by 
diesel-powered generators. The electricity consumption and, 
hence, natural gas consumption 
at Jaguar Operations has reduced 
significantly during the year as a 
result of the operation transitioning  
to care and maintenance.
Energy Consumption  
& Intensity 
The energy intensity of our operations 
will change from year to year 
depending on the changing 
character of the operation. Important 
characteristics that drive energy use 
are the volume of development and 
stoping activity, the depth of mining, 
capital development of new mining 
projects, grade and hardness of the 
ore, and how electrical power is 
sourced for remote operations. The 
complex interaction of these drivers 
does not allow for simple conclusions 
to be made based on year-to-year 
comparisons of energy intensity 
statistics. Our sustainability objective 
is to reduce energy consumption 
to as low as reasonably practical 
within the technical and economic 
constraints for each operation.
In FY24, Tritton experienced a 
decrease in both diesel and 
electricity consumed, amounting  
to a 22% decrease in total energy  
use as compared to FY23. The inverse trend was observed at our 
Cracow Operations where an overall 
16% increase in energy use occurred 
as compared to FY23. A significant 
contribution to this increase in energy 
intensity is associated with the diesel 
usage involved in the construction 
activities for the Tailings Storage 
Facility 2 (TSF2) capacity increase, 
which occurred during the reporting 
period.
The following table provides detailed 
information on our organisation’s 
total fuel consumption from non-
renewable sources. The data is 
presented in gigajoules and includes 
a breakdown by specific fuel types 
used during the FY24 reporting 
period.
Where no unit of primary production 
is available, as is the case for our 
Corporate Head Office, we have 
instead calculated energy and 
emissions intensity using number  
of full time employees (FTE) as at  
30 June 2024.
Due to entering care and 
maintenance during the reporting 
period, Jaguar’s energy intensity 
figure has been calculated using 
the copper and zinc production 
figures from the first quarter while the 
mine was still in production. This has 
resulted in a higher energy intensity as 
compared to FY2023.
Energy Profile by Fuel Source1
Energy Source Tritton Cracow JaguarNorth 
QueenslandCorporate 
(Head Office) Total
Diesel (GJ) 338,743 146,097 22,534 131,511 - 638,884
Natural Gas (GJ) - - 194,788 - - 194,788
LPG (GJ) - 7, 512 - - - 7, 512
Electricity (GJ) 302,270 189,023 - - 98 491,391
Total (GJ) 641,013 342,632 217,322 131,511 98  1,332,575
1.  All energy and GHG emissions calculations have been performed in accordance with the Department of Climate Change, Energy, the 
Environment and Water’s National Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors 2023, which provides methods, calculations and measurement 
standards for estimating energy and greenhouse gas emissions. For further details refer to the publication www.dcceew.gov.au/sites/
default/files/documents/national-greenhouse-account-factors-2023.pdf
2024 ANNUAL REPORT | 35