=== Page 3 ===
AMPOL’S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
– In executing our corporate strategy and delivering on our purpose, we 
continue to recognise the need to take a responsible and long‑term view to deliver 
enduring value for all our stakeholders including our customers, suppliers, partners, 
shareholders, employees and the communities in which we operate. 
Ampol’s approach to sustainability involves balancing 
environmental, social and governance considerations 
with broader strategic objectives. We integrate these 
considerations into our decision-making processes, and 
recognise that there may sometimes be trade-offs between 
sustainability factors and other considerations in support of 
our strategic objectives. As such, references to sustainability 
do not mean that there will be no adverse impacts on the 
environment or other sustainability issues.
In 2024, Ampol undertook a double materiality assessment 
to identify our highest priority sustainability -related risks, 
opportunities and impacts. More information on the double 
materiality assessment is detailed on page 4. The double 
materiality assessment will help guide future iterations of 
our 2023–2025 Sustainability Strategy. Further, this report 
demonstrates where we are already focusing our efforts in 
light of the double materiality assessment.
We recognise the environmental impacts of our business. 
That’s why we are committed to integrating sustainability 
considerations into our decision-making processes and to 
developing and improving the policies and plans that drive 
our progress in sustainability. The belief is that enhanced 
sustainability practices will drive profitability and build brand 
loyalty for the broader Ampol business. Key sustainability 
documentation includes the:
 –Climate Change Position Statement;
 –Supplier Code of Conduct;
 –Representation, Equity and Inclusion Policy;
 –Human Rights Policy;
 –Reconciliation Action Plan;
 –Modern Slavery Statement; and
 –Corporate Governance Statement
For further information and access to these documents, 
please visit the Ampol website. 
AMPOL’S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 
PERFORMANCE REPORTING
Ampol’s Sustainability Performance Report is aimed 
at improving the disclosure of our most material 
sustainability -related risks and opportunities. We have 
enhanced some of our disclosures and other content enclosed 
within this report, in preparation for Australia’s mandatory 
climate-related financial disclosures (AASB S2) under the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS), which 
come into effect for reporting periods commencing on or 
after 1 January 2025. Such reporting is not mandatory in 
Australia in relation to 2024, so is being provided by Ampol 
on a voluntary basis. Ampol has prepared the data in this 
Sustainability Performance Report using processes which 
we believe minimise the risk of material misstatement. 
Stakeholders should take that into account when using 
the data contained in it. In addition, Ampol engaged 
KPMG to provide limited assurance to the Directors over 
selected sustainability data contained in this Sustainability 
Performance Report. KPMG’s public Directors’ Assurance 
Statement can be found at the end of this report. 
Reporting period and boundaries
Ampol’s 2024 Sustainability Performance Report is focused 
on our operations across the Group which includes Australia, 
New Zealand (Z Energy), Singapore and Houston, USA. Unless otherwise identified, this report covers the period 
between 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024.
For Scope 1 and 2 emissions data, this is in accordance with 
Australian energy reporting obligations under the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007  (Cth). For Scope 3 
emissions data, this is in accordance with the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard. 
For New Zealand emissions data (Scope 1, 2 and 3), this is 
in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard. 
Unless otherwise stated, emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3 – Cat 11) 
and energy data disclosed within this report pertain to 
Australia and New Zealand only.
For more information, please refer to the 2024 Sustainability 
Datasheet and Appendix, available on the Ampol website.
Reporting standards 
Ampol’s Sustainability Performance Report 
is prepared with reference to the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. The GRI 
Standards provide our stakeholders with 
comparable information relating to our 
sustainability performance. 
UN Sustainable Development Goals 
The United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (UN SDGs) seek to address, by 2030, 
the most significant challenges the world is 
facing today. Ampol has identified 10 SDGs 
that align with our 2023–2025 Sustainability 
Strategy where we have the opportunity to 
make an impact. For more information on how 
the 10 SDGs sit within our 2023–2025 Sustainability Strategy, 
visit the Ampol website. 
Sustainability Datasheet and Appendix
Ampol reports on a range of sustainability metrics not 
disclosed in this report. For additional information and 
metrics please see our 2024 Sustainability Datasheet 
and Appendix, which can be found on the Ampol website 
and contains: 
 –2024 Sustainability performance data;
 –GRI index; and
 –UN SDGs progress.
2023–2025 SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
In 2022, Ampol refreshed its 2023–2025 Sustainability 
Strategy to align more closely to our broader corporate 
strategy and to cover all the geographies in which we 
operate. Within our 2023–2025 Sustainability Strategy, 
we set a vision and principles to help guide our approach to 
integrating sustainability into all levels of decision -making 
across our business. 
We have developed a roadmap and detailed the activities 
we plan to undertake in order to progress towards our 
2025 commitments and 2030 goals.
In 2025, we will develop the next iteration of our Sustainability 
Strategy for the 2026–2028 period. This next iteration will 
aim to embed sustainability even further into the business, 
leveraging the refreshed strategy.
The 2023–2025 Sustainability Strategy can be found on the 
Ampol website.
Ampol’s approach to sustainability1

=== Page 5 ===
SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES 
AND NATURECIRCULAR ECONOMY DECARBONISATIONPrinciples
Have a positive and measurable 
impact in the communities where 
we operate and support nature 
positive3 outcomes.Collaborate with our value chain 
partners, government and industry 
to reduce waste and support the 
transition to a circular economy.Contribute towards our ambition4 
of net zero emissions across our 
operations by 20405 together with 
reducing the emissions intensity of 
the products we sell to customers 
and within our supply chain.Authenticity
Honest and caring 
action that delivers 
genuine outcomes for 
our stakeholdersLeadership
Demonstrating leadership 
that is aligned with 
our broader strategy 
and purposeEquity
Supporting key sectors  
of the communities in  
which we operateVisibility
High quality and 
transparent communication 
and engagement with 
our stakeholders
3. Ampol’s definition of ‘nature positive’ is based upon that as set out by the 
Nature Positive Initiative. We define nature positive as a global societal goal 
to halt and reverse nature loss, supporting net-positive biodiversity outcomes 
through the improvement in the abundance, diversity, integrity and resilience of 
species, ecosystems and natural processes. 
4. Ambition refers to seeking a certain outcome for which the pathway to 
achieving this is uncertain. Efforts will be pursued towards addressing the 
ambition subject to certain assumptions and conditions.
5.  Net zero refers to a state in which greenhouse gas emissions going into the 
atmosphere are balanced by removal out of the atmosphere. Ampol’s net zero 
ambition includes operational emissions (Scope 1 and 2) within Australia and 
assumes Lytton refinery will no longer be operational by 2040. It includes the 
benefit of grid decarbonisation and the use of offsets if required.
6 A proactive approach to the responsible sale of tobacco includes ensuring that 
our retail practices align with all applicable regulatory standards, conducting 
regular site visitation checks to monitor compliance and providing ongoing retail 
training to ensure our staff are well-informed about responsible tobacco sales.7.  Ampol’s definition of operational emissions is in accordance with the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) definition and refers to all Scope 1 
and 2 emissions (including the benefit of grid decarbonisation) within Ampol’s 
operational control in Australia.
8.  Z Energy’s operational emissions includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions, together 
with Scope 3 emissions associated with staff travel, waste to landfill and 
domestic distribution and storage of fuels in New Zealand.
9.  This target applies to Convenience Retail and Fuels and Infrastructure business 
units operating in Australia. Equivalent net renewable includes electricity 
offset with large -scale renewable energy certificates, on -site solar and grid 
decarbonisation.
10.  Total emissions (Scope 1 and 2) per kL of Total High Value Product (HVP) 
for Lytton refinery and total emissions (Scope 1 and 2) per kL of Total 
Fuel Throughput for our three largest Terminal facilities: Kurnell NSW, 
Banksmeadow NSW and Newport VIC.Establish a pathway to introduce 
recycling initiatives for customers and 
operations for retail sites to minimise 
volumes of food and packaging waste 
being sent to landfill.
Ampol own Retail brand packaging 
to be in line with Australian 
government’s 2025 National 
Packaging Targets as an active 
Australian Packaging Covenant 
Organisation (APCO) member.
Establish standards to integrate 
circular economy principles into the 
business including use of renewable 
and sustainable raw material; reuse/
recyclability of equipment that has 
reached end of life and adaptive 
re‑use of assets and equipment.Convenience Retail – reduce 
operational emissions7 on an absolute 
basis by 25% by 2025 from 2021 levels.
Z Energy – progress 2030 target 
to reduce operational emissions8 
by 42% from 2020 levels.
Commit to 40% equivalent 
net renewable electricity for 
operational use9.
Fuels and Infrastructure – reduce 
operational emissions intensity10 
by 5% by 2025 from 2021 levels.
Progress target of achieving 500 
EV charging bays by 2027 in Australia.
Enhanced processes to identify 
emissions reduction opportunities 
within our supply chain, partnering 
where feasible.
Continued transparency and climate 
disclosures aligned with Task Force 
on Climate‑related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD).Deliver Z Energy’s Biodiversity Fund 
and Good in the Hood campaign 
to local communities.
Increase Australian employee 
volunteering and workplace giving 
outcomes by 50% from 2021 levels.
Establish metrics and systems 
to measure social and nature 
positive value.
Increase Ampol Foundation 
‘total community contribution’ 
to >$5 million including cash 
donations, in‑kind support, 
employee contributions, fundraising 
and employee volunteering hours.
Continue to take a proactive approach 
to the responsible sale of tobacco6.
Development and delivery of proactive 
community and environmental 
programs across targeted fuel 
supply chain facilities.3

=== Page 6 ===
INDUSTRY COLLABORATION
Ampol is a member of several industry associations 
representing both the fossil fuel sector and the growing low 
carbon1 energy solutions businesses. These associations help 
us to effectively advocate for an industry view on key policy 
matters and broader sustainability issues. This enables us 
to contribute to policy and regulatory developments and stay 
informed and collaborate on emerging sustainability trends 
and best practice. We periodically review our memberships 
to ensure alignment with Ampol’s own policy stance.
Listed below are some of the industry associations and 
business forums in which Ampol participates:
 –Australian Association 
of Convenience Stores
 –Australasian Convenience 
and Petroleum 
Marketers’ Association
 –Australian Climate 
Leaders Coalition
 –Australian Industry 
Greenhouse Network
 –Australian Industry Group
 –Australian Institute 
of Petroleum
 –Bioenergy Australia –Business Council 
of Australia
 –Carbon Market Institute
 –Clean Energy Council
 –Electric Vehicle Council
 –Global Compact 
Network Australia
 –LASTFIRE
 –New Zealand Climate 
Leaders Coalition
 –Sustainable Business 
Council (New Zealand)
 –Sustainable Business 
Network (New Zealand)
INVESTOR ENGAGEMENT 
ON SUSTAINABILITY
As part of Ampol’s investor engagement program, 
we regularly meet with existing or prospective investors 
and discuss sustainability performance in line with 
broader business performance. These meetings often 
include Ampol’s Managing Director and CEO, as well as 
members of the Ampol Leadership Team (ALT). 1:1 meetings 
and group meetings are an opportunity to invite and 
understand investor feedback on critical business plans 
and progress, as well as our investors’ own ESG priorities. 
In 2024, we observed an increase in ESG -focused meetings 
and enquiries, particularly from international investors 
seeking to understand the nuances of Ampol’s approach 
to decarbonisation and the energy transition within the 
Australian context.
AMPOL 2024 ESG RATING PERFORMANCE
AA
Rating maintained
47.6 
Average ESG risk management score, 
improving -0.2 from 2023
3.3/5  
Rating upgraded from 3/5 in 2023
3/10
Social  
Rating4/10
Environment 
Rating2/10
Governance 
Rating 
C- 
Overall Rating downgraded from C in 2023DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
In 2024, Ampol worked with an external consultant 
to undertake our first double materiality assessment. 
Our primary goal was to identify Ampol’s most significant 
economic, environmental and social impacts, risks and 
opportunities. Additionally, the outcomes of the double 
materiality assessment will assist us in preparing for 
future sustainability disclosures in alignment with the 
ASRS requirements and support the process to refresh 
our Sustainability Strategy in 2025.
The methodology combined impact materiality 
recommendations from the GRI to evaluate topics 
with actual and potential positive or negative impacts on 
people or the environment with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards’ first sustainability standard (IFRS S1). 
We focused on sustainability matters that may reasonably 
affect enterprise value creation, preservation or erosion. 
The assessment considered a broad range of inputs 
including key internal documentation, industry publications, 
sustainability standards, media scans, a review of six selected 
peers, interviews with 19 senior leaders across the business, 
and surveys of employees, investors and other key 
external stakeholders.
The process produced 11 material topics which are shown 
in the following table.AMPOL’S APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY  CONTINUED
1. ‘Low carbon’ refers to lower levels of GHG emissions when compared to 
the current state. Where used in relation to Ampol’s actions, products 
or portfolio, it refers to enhancement of existing methods, practices and 
technologies to lower the level of embodied GHG emissions as compared to 
the current state. 2. For ISS rating scores, 1 represents the highest score possible.
3. ‘Renewables’ refers to renewable energy, which is electricity produced using 
natural resources, including solar, wind and hydro. It also refers to renewable 
fuels, a term used for liquid hydrocarbons made from non-petroleum based 
renewable feedstocks such as purpose grown biomass, or from waste 
material such as tallow or used cooking oil.Financial MaterialityLow High MediumLow High MediumImpact Materiality
Social Environment Governance
Circle size denotes the financial opportunity associated with the topic.STAKEHOLDER
PRIORITYSTRATEGIC
PRIORITY
MONITOR
& MAINTAINOPERATIONAL
PRIORITYEnergy 
Transition and 
Renewables
GHG Emissions 
and Climate 
Change
Workplace 
Wellbeing and 
Process SafetyEnvironmental 
Impacts and 
Dependencies
Community 
Engagement and 
Social Responsibility
Human Rights 
and Supply Chain 
Management
Employee Engagement, 
Retention and Diversity
Customer Trust 
and RelationsWaste and 
Circular Economy
Data and 
PrivacySocio-
economic 
Impacts3
2
Ampol Limited Sustainability Performance Report 20244