=== Page 7 ===
Progress underpinned  
by innovation 
Innovation is core to everything we do.  
It enables us to lead in a constantly evolving world and adapt to the needs of our clients, communities and environment.It helps us to work more efficiently,  deliver cutting-edge solutions, and push the boundaries on what’s possible. Whether it’s evolving our sustainability initiatives, progressing our Net Zero program, or driving meaningful progress across our teams – innovation underpins every step forward.
In FY25, we embraced new technologies 
and adopted more sustainable practices that are enhancing our operations and ways of working globally. This continual process strengthens our commitment to sustainability, improves safety, and elevates the services we provide to  our clients. 
But innovation isn’t just about technology. It flourishes in a culture that encourages fresh thinking and bold ideas. That’s why we actively foster curiosity within our teams, empowering them to challenge conventions and explore new possibilities. This mindset underpins our 2029 Roadmap to Win and sustainability program, positioning us to meet the challenges ahead with creative, real-world solutions, while remaining aligned with our core values. We know that every failure is a learning opportunity, and by learning faster, we adapt and improve at a greater pace. 
A commitment to our people
Our people are the driving force behind ALS’ success. This year, we placed even greater emphasis on workplace safety and wellbeing, maintaining our industry-leading safety performance and enhancing our Life Saving Rules program. Our commitment to our core value ‘safe’ remains unwavering, because our priority is ensuring our people return home safely every day.Beyond physical safety, we prioritised building a workplace where everyone feels supported and valued. Mental health, inclusion and respect are key to this, and we continue to invest in programs that build inclusive teams, support personal development and celebrate contributions – whether through sustainability and innovation awards, employee initiatives and career growth opportunities.
Building a more inclusive organisation 
is central to our values and brings us together as one ALS. A diverse and inclusive workplace drives new ideas, unlocks fresh perspectives and fuels the kind innovation that keep us at the forefront of our industry.
Meaningful action  
for our planet 
We believe that we have a role to play in 
building a more sustainable world. That’s why we’re taking decisive action to reduce our carbon footprint and drive meaningful change. This year, we made significant progress on our Net Zero Program and have achieved a 56 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions since 2020.
But our environmental responsibility goes beyond carbon reduction. We expanded our efforts with new pilot programs to better track water and waste emissions, and installed five new solar energy PV systems, bringing our total to over 28 since 2020. We also took further steps to improve energy efficiency across our laboratories, increasing the adoption of electric and hybrid vehicles in our fleet, conducting energy audits at larger facilities and implementing energy-saving measures. Strengthening  
community connection 
Supporting the communities where we 
live and work remains central to our sustainability approach. In FY25, we expanded our partnerships with schools and universities to promote STEM education and inspire the next generation of scientific leaders. We also developed a new workplace volunteering program framework that will be rolled out in FY26, providing our employees with greater opportunities to give back and create lasting, positive impact. These efforts are testament to the values that define our company. By working closely with local organisations, we are driving positive, sustainable change that benefits everyone. 
Looking ahead
We take pride in the progress we’ve made and remain energised and committed to challenging ourselves to continue leading with purpose.
I’d like to extend my personal gratitude to 
our employees, clients and stakeholders for their ongoing support and shared commitment to sustainability. I’m confident that together, we will keep driving progress, embracing innovation and building a better world through science, assurance and sustainability.
Malcolm Deane 
CEO and Managing Director
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
7

=== Page 8 ===
0.94 
Maintained 
record low 
TRIFR
Maintained 
science education 
programs and ALS 
Cares Workplace 
Giving programs 
 
 
Maintained 
carbon neutrality for Scope 
1 and 2 emissions, while 
continued implementation of Net Zero 
Program including further validation  
of our Scope 3 emissions
continued to build a sense  
of workplace belongingEmployee resource programs>95%
of employees completed 
Code of Conduct  
training
and
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
8Overview
Sustainability at a glance
FY25 progress to date

=== Page 21 ===
At ALS, sustainability is central to how we operate. 
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
21Sustainability at ALS
Our Sustainability Program is driven by our purpose 
‘to help make the world a better place through science, assurance and sustainability’, guiding our efforts to create positive impacts for our people, the planet and the communities we’re part of, underpinned by ethical business practices. 
For our people, this means fostering a safe, 
inclusive workplace where everyone can grow and succeed, regardless of gender, ethnicity or sexual orientation. For our planet, we’re committed to protecting the environment and minimising our footprint for future generations. For our communities, we’re focused on building meaningful partnerships with local suppliers and organisations to contribute to shared value. Our approach is grounded in strong governance, ethical practices and leadership, ensuring we operate with integrity and uphold the highest standards in all that we do. Through these guiding principles, we aim to create lasting, sustainable value for our employees, clients, communities and stakeholders.
In FY25, ALS further incorporated sustainability 
considerations in our 2029 Roadmap to Win, which included setting an objective of creating a sustainability advantage. We also took meaningful steps across our four sustainability pillars—people, planet, community and business practices—progressing a number of key initiatives. 
These efforts underscore our commitment to 
creating lasting, sustainable value while fulfilling our responsibilities to our teams, the environment and the communities we serve. Looking ahead, we have set measurable targets to track the success of our sustainability strategy. By FY27, ALS aims to contribute to a better world by achieving key outcomes across the four pillars of our sustainability program, including:
People 
 ÒMaint ain zero workplace fatalities
 ÒReduce the fiv
e-year rolling average for both 
LTIFR and TRIFR
 ÒRank in the t
op quartile of peers based on 
published injury frequency rates
 ÒA
chieve a score of 90 points or greater on PPI 
scorecard across all business streams.
Planet
 ÒA chieve a 65 per cent reduction in Scope 1 
and 2 carbon emissions, compared to a 2020 baseline
 ÒMeasure and track w
aste and water 
consumption against corporate guidelines.
Community
 ÒSupport the ALS Cares W orkplace Giving 
Program across all business streams and regions
 ÒImplement the Ed Support (
science education 
program) in all business streams and regions.
Business Practices
 ÒP revent material breaches of the Code of 
Conduct requiring disclosure to the ASX
 ÒComplet
e annual Code of Conduct training for 
more than >95 per cent of employees.

=== Page 22 ===
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202522Sustainability at ALS
2025 Target Results
People
Health and safetyNo fatalities
Maintain industry leading LTIFR¹ andTRIFR¹PPI Scorecard of 90 points or greater00.310.94119
Diversity, equality 
and inclusionMaintain >90% completion of unconscious  bias training by managers
+10% increase in ERG participation50% female participation in iLead40% female participation in Executive  
Development Program²94%
+12%
 52%
19%
Employee 
engagement and development 100% completion of manager training listed  on PPI scorecardAchieved
PlanetClimate changeCorporate target: Maintain carbon neutrality³ in FY25 while commencing implementation of Net Zero planAchieved
Waste, efficiency and resources managementNo unresolved complaints of negative air, noise or land impact from surrounding neighbours
Nil environmental prosecutionsNo reported spill or reportable  
uncontrolled releases⁴No unresolved complaints
No environmental prosecutions
No reported spills or 
uncontrolled releases
Community Economic contributionsTotal economic contribution > AUD$2.6b AUD$2.9b
Local contributionsContinue business stream community engagement and science education programsEngagement programs continued
Business 
practicesRegulatory 
complianceNo material Code of Conduct violation No material violation
Enterprise risk managementNo material cyber security breach of the ALS IT network that results in significant disruption to key laboratory information systems or  finance systemsNo material breach
Human rights Human rights assessments on selected ALS facilities Achieved
1. P er million hours worked.
2.
 See page 56 f
or more information.
3.
 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
4.
 F
or this report, a reportable spill or reportable uncontrolled releases is one that: is sudden, unplanned, or uncontrolled, and reaches natural ground, surface 
water or groundwater, and results in actual or potential loss, property damage, or clean-up costs in excess of AUD$10,000.Our sustainability scorecard

=== Page 41 ===
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202541Honing our HSE focus 
Our Geochemistry operations have 
demonstrated continual improvement in their HSE Management System by prioritising engagement with employees, clients, contractors and visitors. Centred on our core value ‘Safe’, this approach focuses on identifying, controlling and reducing both physical and psychosocial risks while minimising operational impacts to the environment. 
Operational leadership across all levels 
of the Geochemistry organisation play an integral role in assessing HSE risks. This includes setting objectives, implementing targets and controls, evaluating their effectiveness, and providing feedback to continually improve the HSE Management system. Key activities such as hazard reporting, drills, employee feedback and audits drive valuable insights that guide resource allocation to improve the HSE system. This year HSE strategy focussed on three key pillars:  
 ÒP
eople – Life Saving Rules
 ÒPlanet
 – reducing Scope 1 and 2 
emissions ÒBusines s processes – emergency 
protocols associated with climate, natural disasters and business disruptions. 
Geochemistry implemented business-specific processes and tools designed to help site-based teams to learn and achieve best-in-class safety performance. Recent safety initiatives focussed on material handling, hazardous energy control, working from heights, electrical safety, machine guarding, chemical controls, pressurised systems and personal protective equipment. By working on mitigating hazards that can lead to harm, the team establishes control strategies, provides training, conducts audits, implements corrective actions and undertakes management reviews to further improve the business’s safety performance.
CASE STUDY

=== Page 64 ===
ALS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202564Planet
ALS recognises the risks, opportunities and 
impacts that are central to our business across a changing climate. Climate change is an enterprise-wide risk for ALS, and we manage our exposure to the physical and transitional impacts in accordance with our Risk Management Plan. We approach target setting and financial impact analysis based on scenarios that include mitigation and adaptation, including: 
 ÒMitigation –
 scenarios where collective 
action on climate change mitigates an increase of 1.5 degrees globally
 ÒA
daptation – scenarios where collective 
action on climate change is unable to mitigate warming to below 1.5 degrees globally and resulting climate change Impacts escalate. 
ALS’ Net Zero Roadmap includes a milestone  of reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by  78 per cent by 2030. 
In FY25, we achieved a 56 per cent reduction 
in combined Scope 1 and 2 against our original FY20 baseline. Key contributors to this reduction included the purchase of renewable electricity, reduction of energy intensity per sample processed, and use of HVO fuel in our fleets. We also focused on gaining a clearer understanding of the impact of Scope 3 emissions across our value chain. A review identified the top seven categories and  41 subcategories of Scope 3 emissions to prioritise, promoting shared decarbonisation efforts with our upstream and downstream suppliers. In FY25, we further refined our understanding of Scope 3 emissions and commenced a joint program between our  Global Sustainability, Finance and Procurement teams to improve the granularity and precision of our Scope 3 estimates.  
While we have not yet determined a definitive 
pathway to achieve the minimum absolute reduction of 28 per cent from our FY20 baseline required for a FY30 scienced based target, we have identified five key categories that we will focus on in FY26, which will be essential as we work to map a viable Scope 3 pathway:
 ÒGlassw
are
 ÒPlastic
ware
 ÒSolv
ents
 ÒSample preparation consumables 
 ÒT
ravel.Towards  
net zero