=== Page 3 ===
Corporate2024: AT A GLANCE
Progress against our targets
We set the bar high on our targets and work hard to reach them. This year, we were pleased to meet our small 
business safety target and our overall gender diversity target and are very proud to have achieved our 2025 scope 
1 and 2 emissions reduction target one year ahead of schedule. We were, however, disappointed to miss our safety 
target for large businesses and our senior executive diversity target. We remain committed to making progress and 
achieving our targets across all areas. In particular, we plan to work closely with our businesses to strengthen our 
safety framework in 2025. 
TARGET 2024 PERFORMANCE CONTRIBUTING FACTORS FUTURE PLANS
Safety
Large businesses 1: 
LTIFR < = 3LTIFR = 4.85 APRR Driven by manual handling incidents 
and slips and falls while working  
on the roadway. See page 20  
for more information.Safety plans and training continue 
across all businesses to protect  
our people and customers.
A number of specific actions to be 
undertaken at APRR. See page 20  
for more information.Small businesses 1:  
LTI < = 1 LTI = 1 at Chicago Skyway 
and Dulles Greenway
LTI = 0 at Warnow Tunnel 
and Corporate 1 employee LTI at Chicago Skyway 
and 1 contractor LTI at Dulles 
Greenway (where contractors  
are included in safety targets). 
Climate
25% reduction 
in scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2025 2
46% reduction 
in scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030 231% reduction in total 
scope 1 and 2 emissions 
achieved by end 2024 –All wholly and majority-owned 
businesses and Corporate offices 
purchased 100% renewable 
electricity in 2024, with APRR 
purchasing 99%.
 –Solar panels were installed  
at Warnow Tunnel reducing  
grid electricity use.
 –Electrification of APRR’s light 
vehicle fleet continued, with  
41% of the light vehicle fleet 
transitioned to EVs.Ongoing energy and fuel usage 
reduction initiatives including:
 –Fleet electrification
 –Equipment replacement and 
upgrades to improve usage 
efficiency and/or switch to  
lower carbon options
 –Low carbon and eco-driving 
employee training at APRR to 
promote lower carbon behaviours 
in driving and energy use.
Diversity
Maintain 40:40:20 
commitment 3 to 
gender balance and 
evolve representation 
across and within 
specific teams50% of each gender 
at Board level among 
Independent non-executive 
Directors
36% women at senior 
executive level 4
46% women across all 
Atlas Arteria employees 5  
 
 
 One position was vacant at the 
senior executive level as at 
31 December 2024. Geraldine Leslie 
was subsequently appointed to the 
Executive Committee in February 
2025, commencing April 2025.Ongoing commitment to  
achieving a 40:40:20 gender  
balance at all levels. 
We aim to meet our target of gender 
balance on candidate shortlists 
during the recruitment process:  
40% women, 40% men, with the 
remaining 20% flexible to any gender.
1.  APRR is considered a large business and Warnow Tunnel, Chicago Skyway and Dulles Greenway small businesses.
2.  From a 2019 baseline.
3.  Among Independent non-executive Directors, within senior executive roles and across all Atlas Arteria employees.
4.   Senior executives include Atlas Arteria Executive Committee members, their senior direct reports and CEOs and MDs of wholly and majority-owned businesses, 
including those acting in vacant positions.
5.  Refers to direct Atlas Arteria Corporate employees only, not those within our businesses.Achieved or exceeded target         Missed target  
 ATLAS ARTERIA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024  | 2
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONCUSTOMERS AND 
COMMUNITIESOUR PEOPLE ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIPCLIMATE  
REPORTSAFETY ABOUT

=== Page 5 ===
2024: At a glance
SAFETY
 –Achieved small business safety target of number  
of lost time injuries (LTIs) of ≤ 1 with 1 employee 
LTI at Chicago Skyway and 1 contractor LTI at 
Dulles Greenway and zero at Warnow Tunnel.
 –Did not achieve large business safety target of a lost 
time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) of ≤ 3 at APRR, 
driven primarily by a number of manual handling and 
slip and fall incidents among employees working on 
the roadway.
 –The 2024 Safety Implementation Plan at APRR 
centred on operational risks, with various training 
modules rolled out and the hosting of Prevention 
Month focused on health management to promote 
quality of life at work.
 –Rolled out Life Savers safety training program at 
Chicago Skyway with 82% of full-time employees 
certified at the end of 2024.
 –One third of employees now certified as National 
Road Safety Champions at Dulles Greenway.
 –ISO 45001 certification successfully renewed at 
Warnow Tunnel.
 –Achieved target of 25% reduction in total scope 
1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (from a 2019 
baseline), one year ahead of schedule. 
 –All wholly and majority-owned businesses and 
Corporate offices purchased 100% renewable 
electricity, and 99% at APRR.
 –Reduced electricity usage by 10% compared to  
2019 baseline.
 –Installed 100kWp solar system at Warnow Tunnel, 
expected to generate 100,000 kWh of electricity 
each year.
 –41% of APRR’s light vehicle fleet now transitioned 
to electric vehicles. 
 –Plant’Adapt pilot project progressed at APRR with 
planting across 10,000m2 of roadside areas and 
climate-compatible vegetation now completed.
 –Approximately 2.3% reduction in water use at  
APRR compared to 2023.
 –Approximately 38% of asphalt at APRR recycled and 
reused or made available to local authorities.
CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
 ATLAS ARTERIA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024  | 4
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONCUSTOMERS AND 
COMMUNITIESOUR PEOPLE ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIPCLIMATE  
REPORTSAFETY ABOUT

=== Page 7 ===
Dear Investor,
Welcome to your 2024 Sustainability Report; our fourth such report 
and the first with Hugh Wehby as CEO and Managing Director. 
At Atlas Arteria, we are in constant motion to keep pace with the 
ever-changing sustainability landscape: we are learning, listening, 
evolving, responding and innovating, to ensure we can continue to 
drive meaningful impact. 
We are pleased to report that we are on a well-established 
sustainability pathway. Thanks to the work we have done in recent 
years, aligning our climate approach and reporting to the Taskforce 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, 
we are well positioned to comply with the new, internationally aligned 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards. These are expected 
to impact Atlas Arteria as a Group 2 reporting entity subject to 
mandatory climate reporting in Australia from 2027. 
2024 highlights
In 2024, we refined our governance structure by establishing a 
dedicated Safety and Sustainability Committee of the ATLIX and 
ATLAX Boards. The Committee met for the first time in December 
2024 and enables increased focus and discussion on safety and 
sustainability issues at Board level. The Committee is responsible  
for ensuring safety and sustainability are given priority as key issues 
for the company (see the ‘Governance and oversight’ section on  
page 12 for more information). 
During the year, we also joined the United Nations Global Compact 
(UNGC), demonstrating our commitment to the UNGC’s Ten 
Principles. Our Sustainability Working Group also worked on 
prioritising the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) most 
relevant to our business and most important to our stakeholders. 
After a thorough consultation process, seven of the 17 UN SDGs were 
identified as most relevant to us. By focusing our efforts on them, we 
are aiming to have the highest positive impact (more details are on 
page 10 of this report). In 2025, we will set targets against each of 
these priorities and integrate them into our Sustainability Framework. 
We also released our first Human Rights Commitment Statement, in 
alignment with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights, in March 2024. 
We were also proud to achieve an A rating in the Monash University 
Modern Slavery Statement Disclosure Quality Report for the second 
year running. At the end of 2024 we introduced new supplier 
screening software that will expand the depth and breadth of 
screening we undertake. 
Progress against our targets
We hold ourselves to high standards when setting our sustainability 
targets. We make sure we have a clear understanding of how targets 
can be achieved and ensure they have the right level of ambition 
before making a final commitment. Then we work relentlessly to 
achieve them.On the climate front, we are proud to announce the early achievement 
of our 2025 scope 1 and 2 emission reduction target of 25%. 
Achievement of this target was accelerated by the increased 
purchasing of renewable electricity across all our businesses and 
our Corporate offices. Additionally, a solar system has been installed 
at Warnow Tunnel to reduce electricity grid use. Fleet electrification 
continues at APRR – with 41% of the light vehicle fleet electrified 
there – up from 31% in 2023. We are happy to report the fleet 
electrification process has also commenced at Warnow Tunnel. 
This was also our first year reporting scope 3 emissions across  
all categories (not just customer emissions). The data is promising, 
showing a reduction in our scope 3 emissions ahead of both  
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) well below 2 degree  
and 1.5 degree reduction pathways. We now have our sights  
set on achieving our next target of 46% reduction by 2030 for  
scope 1 and 2 emissions.
On the safety front, we were disappointed to miss our large business 
target of three or less for lost-time injury frequency rate at APRR. We 
also saw a lost-time injury (LTI) at Chicago Skyway and our first LTI 
in three years at Dulles Greenway, where we also include contractors 
in our safety targets (this LTI was sustained by a contractor). Both 
businesses did, however, achieve our small business safety target  
of one LTI or less. Pleasingly no LTIs were recorded at Warnow 
Tunnel or at our Corporate offices. See page 18 for more information 
on our safety performance.
During the year, we had some changes at the senior executive level 
that resulted in us missing our diversity target of 40:40:20 gender 
balance for this group. However, we did achieve this balance at Board 
level for Independent non-executive Directors and met the target for 
all corporate employees, with 46% representation of women. 
Looking forward
We take meeting our targets seriously and remain resolute about 
achieving them across all areas moving forward. 
Our establishment of the Safety and Sustainability Committee, along 
with our membership of the UNGC, have already had demonstrable 
positive impacts on our sustainability progress at Atlas Arteria.  
The benefits will continue from here, as we continue on our 
sustainability pathway. 
Rest assured that we will continue to hold ourselves to account and 
to think about our long-term impacts; because leaving a legacy we’re 
proud of is important to all of us at Atlas Arteria.
Debbie Goodin 
Chair 
Atlas Arteria LimitedFiona Beck 
Chair  
Atlas Arteria  
International Limited 
and Chair Safety and 
Sustainability CommitteeHugh Wehby 
CEO and  
Managing Director  
Atlas Arteria LimitedFrom the Chairpersons and CEO
Debbie Goodin
 Fiona Beck
 Hugh Wehby
 ATLAS ARTERIA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024  | 6
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONCUSTOMERS AND 
COMMUNITIESOUR PEOPLE ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIPCLIMATE  
REPORTSAFETY ABOUT

=== Page 8 ===
About us
Our business
The Atlas Arteria Group (ALX) consists of toll road businesses in France, Germany and the United States. We are 
focused on ensuring our customers, and the communities in which we operate, are safely and reliably connected  
by the transport links we provide. The roads we own, operate and develop, deliver our customers the benefits  
of reduced travel time, greater time certainty and reduced fuel consumption and carbon emissions.  
1. APRR concession expires in November 2035, AREA concession expires in September 2036.
2. 100% economic ownership. VIRGINIA,  
UNITED STATES
DULLES GREENWAY
Ownership: 100% 2 
22km commuter 
route into the Greater 
Washington DC area
2056 concession expiryFRANCE
APRR
Ownership: 30.82%
2,316km motorway 
network in Eastern 
France
2035 concession expiry1FRANCE
ADELAC
Ownership: 30.85%
20km commuter road 
connecting Annecy 
to Geneva 
2060 concession expiryFRANCE
A79
Ownership: 30.82%
88km east-west 
transversal link
2068 concession expiry
BERMUDA  
 ATLIX BOARDLUXEMBOURG  
EUROPEAN HQROSTOCK, GERMANY
WARNOW TUNNEL
Ownership: 100%
2.1km road and tunnel 
in Rostock, Germany
2053 concession expiry
MELBOURNE  
AUSTRALIA  
GLOBAL CORPORATE HQ  
ATLAX BOARDCHICAGO,  
UNITED STATES
CHICAGO SKYWAY
Ownership: 66.67%
12.5km toll road 
connecting Chicago  
and Northwest Indiana 
2104 concession expiry 
 ATLAS ARTERIA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024  | 7
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONCUSTOMERS AND 
COMMUNITIESOUR PEOPLE ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIPCLIMATE  
REPORTSAFETY ABOUT