=== Table 1 (page 5) ===
Disclaimer and important notices,,
The material in this report contains,Also see the notice about climate-related,5. Lack of consistency in definitions
general background information about,information on this page which may affect,and climate-science terminology
the Group’s activities current as at,climate-related forward-looking,subject to changes – definitions
7 November 2025. It is information,statements or opinions.,and standards for climate-related
given in summary form and does not,,data and assessment frameworks
,The forward-looking statements or,
purport to be complete. It has a,,used across industries and
,opinions only speak as at 7 November,
sustainability focus and does not,,"jurisdictions may vary, and"
,2025 and no representation is made as,
reflect the totality of the Group’s,,terminology and concepts relating
,to their correctness on or after this date.,
business activities. For a more,,to climate science and
,No member of the Group undertakes to,
complete overview of the Group’s,,decarbonisation pathways may
,publicly release the result of any revisions,
"business, see the 2025 Annual Report",,evolve and change over time. These
,to these statements to reflect events or,
available at anz.com/annualreport.,,inconsistencies and changes can
,circumstances after this date to reflect the,
,,also make comparisons between
It is not intended to be and should not,occurrence of unanticipated events.,
,,different organisations’ climate
be relied upon as advice to investors,,
,Climate-related information,targets and achievements difficult
"or potential investors, and does not",,
,,or inappropriate.
take into account the investment,This report may contain climate-related,
"objectives, financial situation or needs","statements, including in relation to",6. Reliance on third parties for data or
of any particular investor. These should,"climate-related risks and opportunities,",involvement – the Group may need
"be considered, with or without","climate-related goals and ambitions,","to rely on assistance, data or other"
"professional advice, when deciding if",emissions reduction pathways and,information from external data and
an investment is appropriate.,climate projections. While the statements,methodology providers or other third
,"were prepared in good faith, climate-","parties, which may also be subject"
Forward-looking statements,,
,related statements are subject to,to change and uncertainty.
This report may contain forward-,"significant uncertainty, challenges and","Additionally, action and continuing"
looking statements or opinions,"risks that may affect their usefulness,","participation of third parties, such"
including statements regarding our,"accuracy and completeness, including:","as stakeholders, may be required"
"intent, belief or current expectations",,(including financial institutions and
,1. Availability and reliability of data –,
with respect to the Group’s business,,governmental and non-
,emissions and climate-related data,
"operations, market conditions, results",,governmental organisations).
,"may be incomplete, inconsistent,",
"of operations and financial condition,",,
,unreliable or unavailable (including,"Due to these uncertainties, challenges"
"sustainability objectives or targets, and",,
,information from the Group’s,"and risks, statements, assumptions,"
risk management practices. Those,,
,"customers), and it may be necessary","judgments, calculations, estimates"
matters are subject to risks and,,
,"to rely on assumptions, estimates or",or proxies made or used by the
uncertainties that could cause the,,
,proxies where that is the case.,"Group may turn out to be incorrect,"
actual results and financial position of,,
,,inaccurate or incomplete. Readers
,2. Uncertain methodologies and modelling,
the Group to differ materially from the,,
,,should conduct their own independent
,"methodologies, frameworks and",
information presented herein. When,,
,,analysis and not rely on the information
,standards used for calculations of,
"used in the report, the words",,
,,for investment decision-making.
,"climate-related metrics, modelling and",
"‘forecast’, ‘estimate’, ‘goal’, ‘target’,",,
,"climate data are not universally applied,",
"‘indicator’, ‘plan’, ‘pathway’, ‘ambition’,",,
,are rapidly evolving and subject to,
"‘modelling’, ‘project’, ‘intend’,",,
,change. This may impact the data,
"‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘may’,",,
,"modelling, approaches, and targets",The information in this notice should
"‘probability’, ‘risk’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘would’,",,
,,"be read with the qualifications,"
,used in preparation of this report.,
"‘could’, ‘should’ and similar",,
,,limitations and guidance included
"expressions, as they relate to the",3. Complexity of calculations and,
,,throughout this report and in:
"Group and its management, are",estimates – estimating financed or,
,,Appendix 5 ANZ Financed and
intended to identify forward-looking,facilitated emissions (including,
,,Facilitated Emissions Methodology
statements or opinions.,allocating emissions to banking,
,,included in the 2025 Climate Report
,activities) and emissions reduction is,
Those statements are usually,,available at anz.com/esgreport
,complex and relies on assumptions,
predictive in character; or may be,,
,,"Appendix 7 Scope 1, Scope 2 and"
,"and judgments, often made in respect",
affected by inaccurate assumptions,,Scope 3 Operational Greenhouse Gas
,of long periods of time.,
or unknown risks and uncertainties,,Emissions Reporting Methodology
,4. Changes to climate-related governing,
or may differ materially from results,,included in the 2025 Climate Report
,frameworks – changes to climate-,available at anz.com/esgreport
"ultimately achieved. As such, these",,
,"related policy, laws, regulations and",
statements should not be relied upon,,ANZ Social and Environmental
,"market practices, standards and",
when making investment decisions.,,Sustainability Target Methodology
,"developments, including those resulting",available at anz.com/esgreport
There can be no assurance that actual,,
,from legal proceedings and regulatory,
outcomes will not differ materially from,,2025 ESG Data and Frameworks Pack
,investigations.,
any forward-looking statements or,,available at anz.com/esgreport
opinions contained herein.,,

=== Table 2 (page 15) ===
Concluding targets,,
Target1 headline,End date and outcome,Further details
Savings program pilots,2025 Achieved,"2025 ESG Report, pages 14, 31, 42"
Large Emitters Engagement Program (LEEP)2,2025 Achieved,"2025 ESG Report, page 14"
,,"2025 Climate Report, pages 12-15"
Operational emissions and non-emissions2,"2025, 2030","2025 ESG Report, page 14"
•  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,Achieved,"2025 Climate Report, pages 52-53"
•  Renewable electricity,Not achieved,
•  Water,Achieved,
•  Waste,Achieved,
"• 
Paper",Achieved,
New Zealand retail lending2,2025 Achieved,"2025 ESG Report, pages 14, 33"
,,"2025 Climate Report, page 17"
"Gender equity targets3,4",2025,"2025 ESG Report, pages 14, 45"
•  Key Management Personnel,Not achieved,2025 Corporate Goverance
,,"Statement, page 22"
•  Women in Leadership,Achieved,
,We have withdrawn our financial resilience target in 2025 after identifying anomalies in the calculation methodology.,

=== Table 3 (page 16) ===
Operational emissions and non-emissions,
Reduce the direct impact of our business activities on the environment5 by:,
Reducing combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,Achieved
85% by 2025 and 90% by 2030 (against 2015,Our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have decreased by
baseline);6,96% since 2015.
Being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable,Not achieved
electricity by 2025;7,"97% of ANZ's electricity needs were from renewable sources, just falling"
,short of our target of 100%. This was principally due to the absence of
,recognised schemes or renewable electricity infrastructure in Papua
,New Guinea and Pacific countries.
Reducing water consumption8 by 40% by 2025,Achieved
(against 2017 baseline);,Our water consumption has decreased by 61% since 2017.
Reducing waste to landfill9 by 40% by 2025,Achieved
(against 2017 baseline);,Our waste to landfill has decreased by 79% since 2017.
Reducing paper consumption (both office and ANZ,Achieved
originated customer paper use) by 70% by 2025,Our paper consumption has decreased by 77% since 2015.
(against 2015 baseline).,

=== Table 4 (page 17) ===
"Targets continuing in 2026, including performance update, and new targets"
"In 2026 we will continue our $10 billion social and affordable housing target, $100 billion social and environmental activities"
"target1, and sectoral pathways and targets. Both the 2025 and 2030 combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 operational"
"emissions reduction targets have now been achieved. Since the 2030 target was achieved earlier than expected, a more"
ambitious 2030 target with a revised baseline has been set. We have also rebaselined our gender equity targets.

=== Table 5 (page 17) ===
,"emissions reduction targets have now been achieved. Since the 2030 target was achieved earlier than expected, a more",
ambitious 2030 target with a revised baseline has been set. We have also rebaselined our gender equity targets.,,
Target2,2025 performance or status,End date
$10 billion social and affordable housing,"Since October 2018, we have funded and facilitated",2030
Fund and facilitate at least $10 billion of investment,"$7.37 billion to support the delivery of more affordable,",
"by end 2030, including $750 million in 2025, to deliver",accessible or sustainable homes to buy and rent. This,
"homes to buy and rent that are more affordable,",includes $892.79 million allocated towards the target in,
accessible or sustainable.3,"20254, exceeding our $750 million 2025 sub-target.",
$100 billion social and environmental activities,"Since 1 April 2023, we have contributed $84.72 billion",2030
"Fund and facilitate at least $100 billion by end 2030,","towards the target, across 412 customer transactions,",
"including $18.5 billion in 2025, in social and","of which $42.09 billion is funded, $38.96 billion is",
environmental activities through customer transactions,"facilitated, and $3.67 billion is from direct investment",
and direct investments by ANZ. This includes initiatives,through 61 bond purchases. This includes $45.75 billion,
"that aim to help lower carbon emissions, protect","allocated towards the target in 20254, exceeding our",
"nature, increase access to affordable housing and",$18.5 billion 2025 sub-target.,
promote financial wellbeing.1,,
Sectoral pathways5,"Eight are ‘on-track’, two are ‘close to on-track’, and none",2030
Sectoral pathways and 2030 interim targets in place,are ‘off-track’.,
"for 10 sectors or sub-sectors, to transition lending to",,
,"For more information, refer to pages 32-51 of the 2025",
net zero financed emissions by 2050.,,
,Climate Report available at anz.com/esgreport.,
Operational emissions6,Having achieved our 2030 target of a 90% reduction,2030
Reducing combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,"(against a 2015 baseline) earlier than expected, we have",
by 85% by 2030 (against a 2024 baseline).,revised our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,
,reduction target with a more ambitious baseline year of,
,2024.,
Gender equity targets6,Rebaselined targets for 2026.,2026
Increase representation of women as Key Management,,

=== Table 6 (page 29) ===
,"and propositions
economy wide transition"
We have established three core,"Our C&E Strategy ambition is supported 
and environmental activities3 by 2030."
"ambitions, supported by four action","by our Climate Change Commitment of 
Separately, eight of our revised sectoral"
pillars that bring together the themes of,"transitioning our lending portfolio to  
pathways are ‘on-track’, two are ‘close"
the steps we are taking to deliver on our,"net zero financed emissions, reflecting 
to on track’, and none are ‘off track’. We"
ambitions. These ambitions and action,"where we can have the most significant 
also recognise our role in reducing the"
pillars are supported by having specific,"impact. We estimate our lending to 
emissions from our operations and have"
focus areas and prioritised action plans,"Institutional customers contributes 
continued to reduce our Scope 1 and"
"for our Institutional, Australia Commercial,","approximately two-thirds of our total 
Scope 2 emissions across our operations.4"
Australia Retail and New Zealand divisions,financed emissions. The remaining
,Refer to the 2025 Climate Report available
,financed emissions arise from our lending
that we commenced implementing,
,at anz.com/esgreport for further details
,to our commercial and retail customers.
aspects of this year.,
,on our 2025 climate and environment
,Our Climate Change Commitment will
,"targets and progress, including our"
Our approach to,be available prior to our Annual General
,sectoral pathways.5
,Meeting at anz.com/climate-change.2
transition planning,
,Reflecting the upcoming mandatory
,The actions under our C&E Strategy
"In 2025, we took further steps to progress",
,climate disclosures in Australia6 and a
,demonstrate our progress towards
our transition planning. Our C&E Strategy,
,changing internal and external operating
,credible transition planning. We
"forms the basis for our approach,",
,environment – we are reviewing our
,acknowledge that ongoing work is
including how we plan to support an,
,climate and environment targets to ensure
,required to satisfy a robust and well-
effective and orderly transition for our,
,"they continue to be relevant and aligned 
developed transition plan."
large business customers. We also draw,
,with our strategy.
on guidance from the Glasgow Financial,"In this report, we set out the actions we"
Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) and the,have progressed and how we have been
,1. Our disclosures do not purport to be comprehensive
Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT) transition,supporting our customers’ transition.
,or to satisfy all aspects of GFANZ or TPT’s framework.
planning frameworks to inform areas of,2. The Climate Change Commitment excludes Suncorp
,Bank and ANZ Bank New Zealand. 3. For further detail
focus in our C&E Strategy.,
,"on ANZ’s approach for assessing the eligibility of 
Our climate and"
,"transactions for inclusion towards the target, refer to"
,"environment targets
the ANZ Social and Environmental Sustainability Target"
,Methodology available at anz.com/esgreport. 4. Refer to
,"the 2025 Climate Report available at anz.com/esgreport 
Our climate and environment targets"
,"including Appendix 7 Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3"
,support the delivery of our C&E Strategy.
,Operational Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting
,"We continue to make progress, including"
Refer to the 2025 Climate Report,Methodology. 5. Refer to the 2025 Climate Report
,including Appendix 5 ANZ Financed and Facilitated
,funding and facilitating $84.72 billion
"for relevant Indexes, available at",
,Emissions Methodology available at anz.com/esgreport.
anz.com/esgreport,"towards our $100 billion target in social 
6. Applying to ANZ Group for the financial year"
,commencing 1 October 2025.

=== Table 7 (page 56) ===
Overview and,"Our ESG targets 
Non-financial risk","Ethics, conduct",Responsible customer,Environmental,Financial,
54,,,,,,Housing
governance,"and performance
management",and culture,engagement,sustainability,wellbeing,
Appendix,,,,,,
,ESG targets and related Sustainable Development Goals (SDG),,,,,
SDG cautionary statement on inclusion,,,,,,
,"ANZ supports the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and we believe that business has an important role to",,,,,
play in their achievement.,,,,,,
,"The SDGs are a collection of 17 non-legally binding, interlinked global goals produced by the UN for countries and governments.",,,,,
,"The SDGs are included to show how our ESG approach supports the SDGs. ANZ makes no representation, warranty, or assurance of any",,,,,
,"kind, express or implied, and takes no responsibility or liability as to whether ANZ’s strategy furthers the objective or achieves the purpose",,,,,
,of the indicated SDG. More information on the SDGs is available at un.org/sustainabledevelopment. The content of this publication has,,,,,
,not been approved by the UN and does not reflect the views of the UN or its officials or Member States.,,,,,
Concluding targets1,Related UN SDGs,,,,,
Savings program pilots,,,,,,
Large Emitters Engagement,,,,,,
Program (LEEP),,,,,,
Operational emissions and,,,,,,
non-emissions,,,,,,
•  Scope 1 and Scope 2,,,,,,
emissions,,,,,,
•  Renewable electricity,,,,,,
"• 
Water",,,,,,
"• 
Waste",,,,,,
"• 
Paper",,,,,,
New Zealand retail lending,,,,,,
Continuing targets1,Related UN SDGs,,,,,
$10 billion social and,,,,,,
affordable housing,,,,,,
$100 billion social and,,,,,,
environmental activities,,,,,,
Sectoral pathways and,,,,,,
targets in place for 10 sectors,,,,,,
"or sub-sectors, to transition",,,,,,
lending to net zero financed,,,,,,
emissions by 20502,,,,,,
Operational emissions3,,,,,,
•  Scope 1 and Scope 2,,,,,,
emissions,,,,,,
Gender equity targets3,,,,,,
,"1. Targets exclude Suncorp Bank, unless otherwise stated. 2. Our 2025 Climate Report available at anz.com/esgreport details important information about the scope of our sectoral",,,,,
,pathways. Revised pathways and targets include customers of Suncorp Bank that meet our in-scope criteria for inclusion in our pathways. 3. Includes Suncorp Bank.,,,,,
ANZ 2025 ESG Report,,,,,,

=== Table 8 (page 58) ===
Term,Definition
“ANZ” or “the Group” or,"ANZ Group Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated."
“our” or “we”,
ANZ Bank Group,"ANZ BH Pty Ltd and each of its subsidiaries, including ANZBGL and ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited."
ANZ Bank New Zealand,ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.
ANZ Group,ANZGHL Group.
ANZ Non-Bank Group,"ANZ NBH Pty Ltd and each of its subsidiaries, including the Group’s beneficial interests in the 1835i"
,"trusts and non-controlling interests in the ANZ Worldline Payment Solutions joint venture, and ANZ"
,Group Services Pty Ltd.
Board,ANZGHL Board of Directors.
Climate Disclosure,An internal program of work established to enable ANZ to meet the mandatory climate-related
Program,disclosure requirements legislated by the Australian Government in 2024.
Climate risk,"The financial and non-financial risks arising from climate change, including physical, transition and"
,liability risks.
Community investment,"Contributions from ANZ to address a social issue. Can be classified as time, in kind, cash, management"
,costs or foregone revenue.
Employee engagement,The levels of enthusiasm and connection our workforce has with ANZ.
Employees,Persons employed by ANZ and paid directly through ANZ payroll. They can be permanent (full time or
,"part time), fixed term or casual."
Financed emissions,Emissions associated with financing through loans or other financial products that result in a credit
,exposure. They are estimated based on an attributed proportion of the financial institution’s customers’
,"emissions. These financed emissions are part of the financial institution’s Scope 3, category 15"
,emissions. See our 2025 Climate Report Appendix 5 ANZ Financed and Facilitated Emissions
,Methodology available at anz.com/esgreport for information about ANZ’s financed emissions.
Financial education,Programs developed by ANZ in consultation with community partner organisations and government.
programs,These programs aim to provide real social benefits to the community by improving financial inclusion
,"and capability of lower income individuals. Our programs include: MoneyBusiness, MoneyMinded and"
,Saver Plus.
Gender pay gap,The overall difference in pay between men and women in the workforce.
Hardship,"Typically refers to a situation where an individual is experiencing financial difficulty, making it challenging"
,"for them to meet their financial obligations. This can include situations such as loss of income,"
,"unexpected expenses, or other personal circumstances that impact one’s ability to repay debts or"
,manage financial commitments.
Labelled sustainable,"Existing banking products with a specific sustainability related label e.g. Green, Social, Sustainability or"
finance,Sustainability-Linked.
Large business customers,The customers of ANZ Institutional division where ANZ has a credit exposure.
Large Emitters Engagement,Our signature customer engagement program which provides the framework for engaging with LEEP
Program (LEEP),customers on their transition plans.
MoneyBusiness,An adult financial education program designed to build the money management skills and confidence
,of Indigenous Australians and develop a stronger savings culture.
MoneyMinded,"A flexible adult financial education program that builds knowledge, confidence and skills to help people"
,"make informed decisions and manage their money. Developed in 2002, MoneyMinded is ANZ’s flagship"
,financial education program.

=== Table 9 (page 59) ===
Term,Definition
Nature,"The Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures refers to ‘nature’ as the “natural world, with an"
,emphasis on the diversity of living organisms (including people) and their interactions among
,themselves and with their environment.”
Net zero,The state where greenhouse gas emissions are balanced by an equivalent amount of carbon removal
,"from the atmosphere, resulting in no net increase in global emissions."
Pay Equity Gap,"Sometimes called the ‘like-for-like gap’, is the difference in pay between men and women doing the"
,same or similar roles.
Saver Plus,A matched savings and financial education program developed in 2003 by ANZ and the Brotherhood
,of St Laurence. Eligible participants who complete the program have their savings matched (up to
,$500) by ANZ for approved education-related expenses for themselves or their children.
Scope 1,Direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by a company.
Scope 2,"Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of purchased electricity, heat or steam."
Scope 3,Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions not covered in Scope 1 or Scope 2 that occur in a company’s
,value chain as described in table 5.3 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope
,3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.
Sectoral pathways,Industry-specific trajectories of emissions reductions.
Sensitive sectors,"An industry or business category that ANZ considers may present heightened environmental, social,"
,"or governance risks, or significant potential negative impacts. These are: Energy, Extractive Industries,"
,"Land and Forest Management, Water Management, and Military Equipment."
Sustainability-Linked,A type of labelled sustainable finance where the economic characteristics (e.g. pricing outcomes) of the
,financial instrument are linked to predetermined sustainability performance objectives.
Transition plan,A climate-related transition plan is an aspect of an entity’s overall strategy that lays out the entity’s
,"targets, actions or resources for its transition towards a lower-carbon economy, including actions such"
,as reducing its emissions.
Women in leadership,"Measures proportion of women out of the entire Senior Manager, Executive, Senior Executive"
,"and Group Executive Committee populations (roles within ANZ designated as Groups 3, 2 and 1"
,respectively). Includes all employees regardless of leave status but not contractors (which are
,included in full-time equivalent).