=== Table 1 (page 8) ===
Graeme Whickman
"FY25 was Amotiv’s first full year as an automotive “pure play”.  It was a year focused on embedding our automotive sector strength,"
responding to a changing environment and planning the next horizon.
"The financial results for the year were solid, given the challenging environment faced by two of our three Divisions.  The Group"
delivered revenue growth marginally ahead of the prior year at 1% and Underlying EBITA of $192m.  Cash conversion remained
"excellent at 90.6%, leverage was managed in a disciplined way and costs were managed down across the Group."
"During FY25, Amotiv Unified was born.  This three-year program of efficiency-creating, synergy-realising, value-enhancing projects"
"will “unify” our operations where it is appropriate and sensible to do so.  Amotiv Unified is a positive, leader-led suite of initiatives which"
will extract extra value from our assets – whilst preserving our excellent corporate culture.
I continue to be pleased with our operational fitness and with the strength of our management teams.  Our businesses continue
"to flex to meet customer needs and cyclical factors, and the Group has rallied to reduce costs in response to constrained demand."
"The tariffs are, of course, difficult to deal with from an uncertainty perspective; however, the Group’s exposure to them is limited with"
about 8% of total Group revenue dependent on the US market.  Their impact on the Group in FY25 was immaterial.
The  4WD  Accessories  &  Trailering  Division  experienced  softening  demand  for  new  vehicles  and  trailering  (including  RV)  in
"Australia.  However, it invested for the future in South Africa and commenced sales in the US (with a pass through of US tariff impacts"
"to its largest US customer).  The Division did well to deliver increased revenue by 1.7% on prior year, notwithstanding underlying"
"EBITA being down 5.5%.  We remain confident in the future of the Division, including APG which maintains a strong competitive"
"position, great OE customer relationships and market leading brands."
"The Lighting, Power and Electrical Division’s performance was adversely affected by muted reseller demand and weak demand in"
"the OE channels (new vehicles, caravan/RVs and trucks/buses) during the year. However, the impact of the US tariffs on the Division"
was contained with supply chain adaptation and price adjustments; and it delivered encouraging growth in US sales.  New products
contributed 15% of revenue in FY25 - providing a solid basis for future growth.
"The Powertrain and Undercar Division was the star performer in FY25. It delivered 6.2% underlying EBITA growth on the prior year, to"
"$77.2m.  Pleasingly, this reflects very good market resilience in “wear and repair” of vehicles as well as excellent brand strength.  Half"
of the Division’s revenue now comes from non-filtration products. The Division completed a big project to consolidate and refresh
"its distribution facilities for its DBA, ACS and Ryco businesses during the year and is on track to reap benefits from this work in"
future years.
"Our  people  are  our  biggest  asset  and  we  continue  to  apply  a  deliberate,  continuous  focus  on  investing  in  them  to  develop  a"
"high-performing, highly engaged and diverse workforce.  Our employee engagement result for FY25 was slightly down, reflecting"
"some restructuring which had taken place, but remains pleasing overall. As we apply ourselves to our Amotiv Unified work, we will"
"continue to focus on this, knowing that our success depends on our people."
Our work on our sustainability Impact Areas has not abated. We delivered outperformance in safety; we refined our focus on ethical
"sourcing to make our work much more effective.  Importantly, we reached net carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our"
distribution businesses during the year; and our suite of products remains largely ICE-agnostic.
"Finally, I’d like to thank our teams across our 8 global jurisdictions, who continue their dedication to our businesses and to each other."
"The future of the Group is an exciting one, and I am looking forward to tackling it together as an Amotiv Unified team."

=== Table 2 (page 10) ===
Operating highlights,,,,,
Safety,,,Employee engagement,,
LTIFR,,,,,
,,Better than,,,
,,Safe Work,,,Below global
6.6,4.8,,76%,71%,
,,benchmark of,,,average
FY24,FY25,12.2,FY24,FY25,of 74%1
,,,Group Scope 1 and 2 emissions,,
Safety commitment score,,,,,
,,,ktCO2e (market-based),,
89%,88%,Above global,9.1,8.8,Distribution
,,average of 86%1,,,businesses - net
FY24,FY25,,FY24,FY25,
,,,,,carbon neutrals2
Warranty costs3,,,APCO Advanced level,,
$2.6m,$2.3m,Strong outcome,,11,12-month
,,23bp of FY25,8 F,,improvement
FY24,FY25,,Y24,FY25,
,,revenue,,,

=== Table 3 (page 27) ===
1. Refer glossary for relevant definitions. 2. Qualtrics global annual employee survey.  3. Pre the impairment of APG.,
"Of note during 2025, the following metrics were achieved by the Group:",
•,LTIFR improvement from 6.6 in FY24 to 4.8 in FY25.
•,"88% safety commitment score, above global benchmark average of 86%"
•,90% of spend at bronze level or higher in relation to the sustainable sourcing program
•,11 businesses at APCO advanced level or above (up from 8 in FY24)
•,"Group  Scope  1  and  2  market-based  emissions  reduced,  with  Distribution  businesses  net  carbon  neutral  (net  emissions"
,associated with an activity are equal to zero because emissions have been reduced and carbon credits retired to account for
,remaining emissions).

=== Table 4 (page 32) ===
Sustainability,,,
Review,,,
,"Message from the Chair of the Risk, Safety and",,
,"Sustainability Committee, and our Managing Director and Chief",,
Executive Officer,,,
,"On behalf of the Board of Directors, we are proud to introduce the Amotiv FY25 Sustainability Review. This review highlights our",,
,"continued commitment to the management of Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) topics and outlines the progress we are",,
"making in creating a safer, more sustainable, and resilient Group.",,,
,"The Board continues to maintain a focus on the ESG topics most material to our operations, people, and stakeholders. The Amotiv",,
,"ESG  strategy  is  firmly  embedded  within  the  Group’s  corporate  strategy,  business  objectives,  risk  management  frameworks,",,
and  performance,"incentive  structure,  ensuring  that  sustainability",is  not,just  a  target  but  a  core  element  of  how  Amotiv
businesses operate.,,,
,"The health, safety, and wellbeing of our people remains our top priority. The Group's commitment to safety is reflected in Safety",,
,"Commitment  being  the  highest-rated  element  by  employees  in  the  FY25  employee  engagement  survey.  During  FY25,  Amotiv",,
,developed a Group-wide Safety Cultural Maturity Framework to continue to elevate the safety culture across Business Units. This,,
framework defines an aspirational state for safety culture for all Amotiv businesses and sets a clear benchmark against which,,,
progress is tracked.,,,
,Leveraging the Group's relationships with its international supply chain partners is an important element in progressing Amotiv's,,
,"ESG ambitions. To reinforce the Group's commitment to sustainable sourcing practices, Amotiv enhanced its supplier due diligence",,
,"framework during FY25, including more targeted due diligence measures such as onsite assurance audits for suppliers identified",,
,with higher-risk profiles. The Group's investment in the Asia Sourcing Office (ASO) now plays a central role in conducting on-site audits,,
,and assurance activities of our suppliers throughout the Asian region.,,
,We are proud to share that Innovative Mechatronics Group (IMG) was awarded a Sustainable Packaging Award in the 2024 APCO,,
,(Australian  Packaging  Covenant  Organisation)  Industry  Awards  and  achieved  a  ‘Beyond  Best  Practice’  rating.  This  recognition,,
,"reflects IMG's commitment to improving packaging design, reducing waste, and increasing recyclability. Across the Group, eleven",,
,"businesses now participate in APCO sustainable packaging reporting and action plans, all achieving ‘Advanced’ or higher rating in",,
FY25 - outperforming the Group's target.,,,
,"We have achieved our first phase of the Group's carbon neutral ambition, with Amotiv's Distribution businesses achieving net carbon",,
,"neutral for Scope 1 and 2 emissions1,2 in FY25, supported by sourcing 100% renewable electricity. In a further step towards the",,
,"greater use of renewable energy, the 4WD Accessories and Trailering (4WDAT) Division has commenced installation of an 850kWp",,
,"rooftop solar generation system at its Melbourne manufacturing facility. Once operational, this on-site generation is expected to",,
,supply approximately 30% of the manufacturing site’s electricity demand. This complements the broader decarbonisation actions,,
across the Group.,,,
,"Looking ahead, Amotiv will review and refresh its ESG ambitions for a 5-year/2030 horizon, integrating ESG with the Amotiv 2030",,
,corporate strategy and aligning with the implementation of the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards in FY26.,,
,We are pleased to share the Group's progress in each of Amotiv's ESG impact areas in this year's Sustainability Review.,,

=== Table 5 (page 37) ===
,,Emissions
Energy and,,
,"8.8
(ktCO2e market-based1) 8.8",Intensity
,,
Emissions,,(tCO2e per A$mil. revenue1)
,Amotiv ambition: Carbon neutral by 2030,Amotiv Target: year-on-year improvement
We will act and collaborate to reduce the,8.8,
,FY25,"8.8
FY25"
"carbon emissions of our businesses,",,
,"9.1
FY24","9.2
FY24"
"products, and value chain",,
,"11.7
FY23","11.2
FY23"
Ambition,"9.0
FY22","10.7
FY22"
Reduce emissions in our,,
,"3.7
FY21","6.6
FY21"
businesses and the value chain,,
,"Scope 2
Scope 1",

=== Table 6 (page 37) ===
"Ambition
9.0
FY22","10.7
FY22"
Reduce emissions in our,
"3.7
FY21","6.6
FY21"
businesses and the value chain,
,"Scope 2
Scope 1"
Amotiv is acting to reduce electricity GHG emissions,"Australian 
towbar  manufacturing 
facility.  This  system 
is  a"
,"major upgrade to the manufacturing plant, which will support"
Amotiv conducts an annual assessment of the Scope 1 and 2,
,"electric  power-intensive  manufacturing  processes, 
including"
"GHG emissions across the businesses in the Group. For FY25,",
,"shot  blasting,  laser  cutting,  welding  and  e-coating.  The  new"
net  Scope  1  &  2  emissions  of  the  Group  are  estimated  at,
,"system  is  expected  to  generate  ~1,000  MWh  of  renewable"
8.8  ktCO2e1  with  the  vast  majority  (70%)  linked  to  purchased,
,electricity each year and supply up to 30% of the site's electricity
"electricity,  and  smaller  contributions  from  natural  gas  and",
,consumption.  This  system  adds  to  the  existing  Group  solar
transport fuel.,
,"generation  capacity  already 
installed  at  Brown  &  Watson"
The Group is focused on three main decarbonisation efforts: 1),"International, Australian Clutch Services and Infinitev."
"Procuring renewable electricity, 2) Implementing on-site solar",
"generation where suitable, and 3) Improving energy efficiency.",Energy audit program driving energy efficiency
These efforts are intended to be supplemented by the voluntary,"In  addition 
to 
investment 
in  renewable  and  on-site  solar"
purchase of carbon credits in support of Amotiv's net carbon-,"electricity,  Amotiv  continues  to  explore  potential  initiatives  to"
"neutral  ambition2 
in  particular,  for  hard-to-abate  emissions","reduce electricity consumption. During FY25, Amotiv engaged"
"sources  which 
include  natural  gas-powered  manufacturing",an independent specialist Energy Engineer to conduct on-site
processes where current electrification options are challenging,energy  audits  of  AutoPacific  Group  Australia  and  Australian
and/or expensive due to technology limitations.,Clutch Services sites. The audit process assesses and evaluates
,a suite of potential energy-saving initiatives based on detailed
Amotiv Distribution businesses have achieved net,data  and  analysis  of  the  specific  equipment  and  operating
"carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 emissions2,3",conditions applying to each site. From this audit the benefits of
,"solar generation for the APG site were validated, with the site's"
Through  a  transition  to  sourcing  100%  renewable  electricity,
,electricity demand profile well matched to peak solar generation
"and 
the  use  of  carbon  credits 
for 
remaining  emissions,",
,"hours.  Other 
identified  key  energy  efficiency  opportunities"
Amotiv's Distribution businesses have achieved a net carbon-,
,are planned to be incorporated into the business's long-term
"neutral  position 
for  FY25.  Amotiv's  distribution  businesses",
,equipment upgrade and maintenance plans.
are  procuring  renewable  electricity  through  the  GreenPower,
"program 
in  Australia  and  Renewable  Energy  Certificates 
in",
,Readiness for Climate-related Disclosure reporting
"New  Zealand.  The  GreenPower  program 
is  an  Australian",
,from FY26
Government-accredited scheme that audits off-site renewable,
"generation 
to  ensure  certified  renewable  energy 
fed 
into",Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reporting will form part of AASB
the  grid  matches  a  customer's  energy  demand.  The  Group's,S2 Climate-related Disclosures to be implemented from FY26.
renewable  energy  agreements  for  FY25  total  an  estimated,Amotiv has been voluntarily reporting Scope 1 and 2 emissions
"1,900MWh of renewable electricity. Over future years, Amotiv","for  several  years,  as  such,  we  are  well  placed  to  report  GHG"
intends to expand its renewable energy procurement program,emissions to meet the new standard. During FY26 we plan to
to support its Manufacturing operations.,review our reporting approach and streamline data collation in
,preparation for the new requirements of limited assurance. In
Amotiv's 4WD manufacturing facility to install rooftop,"particular, we are bringing together the electricity consumption"
solar electricity generation,and emissions data of Australian sites into a central emissions
,database linked to retailer invoices and meter data.
"Amotiv's  4WD  Division  has  kicked-off  the 
installation  of  an",
"850kWp 
roof-top  solar  electric  generation  system 
for 
its",