=== Page 8 ===
Message from the Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer
Graeme Whickman
 
FY25 was Amotiv’s first full year as an automotive “pure play”.  It was a year focused on embedding our automotive sector strength, 
responding to a changing environment and planning the next horizon.
The financial  results  for the year were  solid,  given  the challenging  environment  faced  by two of our three  Divisions.   The Group 
delivered  revenue  growth  marginally  ahead  of the prior  year at 1% and Underlying  EBITA  of $192m.   Cash  conversion  remained 
excellent at 90.6%, leverage was managed in a disciplined way and costs were managed down across the Group.
During FY25, Amotiv Unified was born.  This three-year program of efficiency-creating, synergy-realising, value-enhancing projects 
will “unify”  our operations  where  it is appropriate  and sensible  to do so.  Amotiv  Unified  is a positive,  leader-led  suite  of initiatives  which 
will extract extra value from our assets – whilst preserving our excellent corporate culture.  
I continue to be pleased with our operational fitness and with the strength of our management teams.  Our businesses continue 
to flex to meet customer needs and cyclical factors, and the Group has rallied to reduce costs in response to constrained demand. 
The tariffs  are, of course,  difficult  to deal with from  an uncertainty  perspective;  however,  the Group’s  exposure  to them  is limited  with 
about 8% of total Group revenue dependent on the US market.  Their impact on the Group in FY25 was immaterial. 
The 4WD  Accessories  & Trailering  Division  experienced  softening  demand  for new vehicles  and trailering  (including  RV) in 
Australia.   However,  it invested  for the future  in South  Africa  and commenced  sales  in the US (with  a pass  through  of US tariff  impacts 
to its largest US customer).  The Division did well to deliver increased revenue by 1.7% on prior year, notwithstanding underlying 
EBITA  being  down  5.5%.   We remain  confident  in the future  of the Division,  including  APG which  maintains  a strong  competitive 
position, great OE customer relationships and market leading brands.
The Lighting, Power and Electrical Division’s performance was adversely affected by muted reseller demand and weak demand in 
the OE channels  (new  vehicles,  caravan/RVs  and trucks/buses)  during  the year.  However,  the impact  of the US tariffs  on the Division 
was contained  with supply  chain  adaptation  and price  adjustments;  and it delivered  encouraging  growth  in US sales.   New  products 
contributed 15% of revenue in FY25 - providing a solid basis for future growth.
The Powertrain  and Undercar  Division  was the star performer  in FY25.  It delivered  6.2%  underlying  EBITA  growth  on the prior  year,  to 
$77.2m.   Pleasingly,  this reflects  very good  market  resilience  in “wear  and repair”  of vehicles  as well as excellent  brand  strength.   Half 
of the Division’s revenue now comes from non-filtration products. The Division completed a big project to consolidate and refresh 
its distribution  facilities  for its DBA,  ACS and Ryco  businesses  during  the year and is on track  to reap  benefits  from  this work  in 
future years.
Our people  are our biggest  asset  and we continue  to apply  a deliberate,  continuous  focus  on investing  in them  to develop  a 
high-performing, highly engaged and diverse workforce.  Our employee engagement result for FY25 was slightly down, reflecting 
some restructuring which had taken place, but remains pleasing overall. As we apply ourselves to our Amotiv Unified work, we will 
continue to focus on this, knowing that our success depends on our people.
Our work  on our sustainability  Impact  Areas  has not abated.  We delivered  outperformance  in safety;  we refined  our focus  on ethical 
sourcing to make our work much more effective.  Importantly, we reached net carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our 
distribution businesses during the year; and our suite of products remains largely ICE-agnostic.
Finally,  I’d like to thank  our teams  across  our 8 global  jurisdictions,  who continue  their  dedication  to our businesses  and to each  other. 
The future of the Group is an exciting one, and I am looking forward to tackling it together as an Amotiv Unified team.
Amotiv Limited Annual Report 2025 VI

=== Page 10 ===
Year in Review  (continued)
Financial highlights
 
Operating highlights
Safety
 Employee engagement
LTIFR
6.6
FY24
4.8
FY25Better than 
Safe Work 
benchmark of 
12.276%
FY24
71%
FY25Below global 
average  
of 74%1
Safety commitment scoreGroup Scope 1 and 2 emissions
ktCO2e (market-based)
89%
FY24
88%
FY25Above global 
average of 86%19.1
FY24
8.8
FY25Distribution 
businesses - net 
carbon neutrals2
Warranty costs3
APCO Advanced level
$2.6m
FY24
$2.3m
FY25Strong outcome 
23bp of FY25 
revenue8
FY24
11
FY2512-month 
improvement
1.Qualtrics global annual employee survey
2.Carbon Neutral is where the net emissions associated with an activity are equal to zero because emissions have been reduced and carbon credits retired 
to account for remaining emissions.
3.From continuing operationsRevenues are largely ICE agnostic
74% Non-Ice
26% Ice …and increasingly from offshore (non-ANZ) markets
1%9%12%16%17%
FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY2501020
Amotiv Limited Annual Report 2025 VIII

=== Page 27 ===
Operating and Financial Review  (continued)
4. Business Strategy & Prospects
The Group  continued  to make  good  progress  on strengthening  the foundations  of the business  through  the year and largely 
delivered on the "GUD2025 Plan" 5 year aspirations.
1. Refer glossary for relevant definitions. 2. Qualtrics global annual employee survey.  3. Pre the impairment of APG. 
Of note during 2025, the following metrics were achieved by the Group:
•LTIFR improvement from 6.6 in FY24 to 4.8 in FY25.
•88% safety commitment score, above global benchmark average of 86%
•90% of spend at bronze level or higher in relation to the sustainable sourcing program
•11 businesses at APCO advanced level or above (up from 8 in FY24)
•Group  Scope  1 and 2 market-based  emissions  reduced,  with Distribution  businesses  net carbon  neutral  (net emissions 
associated  with an activity  are equal  to zero because  emissions  have  been  reduced  and carbon  credits  retired  to account  for 
remaining emissions).
16 Amotiv Limited Annual Report 2025

=== Page 32 ===
Sustainability 
Review
Message from the Chair of the Risk, Safety and 
Sustainability  Committee,  and our Managing  Director  and Chief 
Executive Officer
On behalf  of the Board  of Directors,  we are proud  to introduce  the Amotiv  FY25  Sustainability  Review.  This review  highlights  our 
continued  commitment  to the management  of Environmental,  Social,  and Governance  (ESG)  topics  and outlines  the progress  we are 
making in creating a safer, more sustainable, and resilient Group.
The Board continues to maintain a focus on the ESG topics most material to our operations, people, and stakeholders. The Amotiv 
ESG strategy  is firmly  embedded  within  the Group’s  corporate  strategy,  business  objectives,  risk management  frameworks, 
and performance  incentive  structure,  ensuring  that sustainability  is not just a target  but a core  element  of how Amotiv 
businesses operate.
The health,  safety,  and wellbeing  of our people  remains  our top priority.  The Group's  commitment  to safety  is reflected  in Safety 
Commitment  being  the highest-rated  element  by employees  in the FY25  employee  engagement  survey.  During  FY25,  Amotiv 
developed a Group-wide Safety Cultural Maturity Framework to continue to elevate the safety culture across Business Units. This 
framework  defines  an aspirational  state  for safety  culture  for all Amotiv  businesses  and sets a clear  benchmark  against  which 
progress is tracked.
Leveraging the Group's relationships with its international supply chain partners is an important element in progressing Amotiv's 
ESG ambitions.  To reinforce  the Group's  commitment  to sustainable  sourcing  practices,  Amotiv  enhanced  its supplier  due diligence 
framework during FY25, including more targeted due diligence measures such as onsite assurance audits for suppliers identified 
with higher-risk  profiles.  The Group's  investment  in the Asia Sourcing  Office  (ASO)  now plays  a central  role in conducting  on-site  audits 
and assurance activities of our suppliers throughout the Asian region.
We are proud to share that Innovative Mechatronics Group (IMG) was awarded a Sustainable Packaging Award in the 2024 APCO 
(Australian  Packaging  Covenant  Organisation)  Industry  Awards  and achieved  a ‘Beyond  Best Practice’  rating.  This recognition 
reflects IMG's commitment to improving packaging design, reducing waste, and increasing recyclability. Across the Group, eleven 
businesses now participate in APCO sustainable packaging reporting and action plans, all achieving ‘Advanced’ or higher rating in 
FY25 - outperforming the Group's target.
We have  achieved  our first phase  of the Group's  carbon  neutral  ambition,  with Amotiv's  Distribution  businesses  achieving  net carbon 
neutral  for Scope  1 and 2 emissions1,2 in FY25,  supported  by sourcing  100%  renewable  electricity.  In a further  step towards  the 
greater use of renewable energy, the 4WD Accessories and Trailering (4WDAT) Division has commenced installation of an 850kWp 
rooftop  solar  generation  system  at its Melbourne  manufacturing  facility.  Once  operational,  this on-site  generation  is expected  to 
supply approximately 30% of the manufacturing site’s electricity demand. This complements the broader decarbonisation actions 
across the Group.
Looking ahead, Amotiv will review and refresh its ESG ambitions for a 5-year/2030 horizon, integrating ESG with the Amotiv 2030 
corporate strategy and aligning with the implementation of the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards in FY26.
We are pleased to share the Group's progress in each of Amotiv's ESG impact areas in this year's Sustainability Review.
David Coolidge
 Independent Non-Executive 
Director and Chair of 
the Risk, Safety and 
Sustainability Committee
Graeme Whickman
Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer
1.Net Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions using market-based methodology (net of retired carbon credits)
2.Carbon Neutral is where the net emissions associated with an activity are equal to zero because emissions have been reduced and carbon credits retired 
to account for remaining emissions. Amotiv carbon neutral ambition is for Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Amotiv Limited Annual Report 2025 21

=== Page 33 ===
Sustainability Review  (continued)
Scope of this Review
This Sustainability  Review  discusses  Amotiv’s  sustainability  strategy,  initiatives  and performance  across  our global  operations 
(including Australia, New Zealand, Thailand, South Korea, South Africa, USA, China and Europe) for the year ended 30 June  2025.
ESG Strategy
The Board and Executive team are committed to the responsible and sustainable management of our businesses and their value 
chains. The Board has integrated the Group's ESG strategy with the broader Corporate Strategy, risk management approach and 
executive incentive structures.
We recognise  the growing  consumer  and community  demand  for more  sustainable  and high-quality  products  and business 
practices. Our ESG strategy is designed to harness the unique strengths of our businesses to promote positive change across our 
operations and supply chains and to proactively meet the evolving needs of our customers.
Amotiv  has identified  six key impact  areas  which  are most  important  to our customers,  businesses,  and stakeholders:  Health, 
Safety  and Wellbeing;  Thriving  People;  Sustainable  Sourcing;  Energy  and Emissions;  Electric  Vehicle  Transition;  and Waste.  We have 
strategically  focused  the Group's  collective  ESG actions,  investments,  and reporting  on these  impact  areas  to constitute  the Group's 
ESG strategy and to generate positive change.
Amotiv ESG Impact Areas
Ener gy and
EmissionsW e will act and collabor ate t o r educe the 
carbon emissions of our businesses, 
pr oducts, and v alue chainReduce emissions in our businesses  
and the v alue chainA mbition
T hr iving 
P eop leW e inv est in our people t o de v elop a 
high-per forming, highly-engaged, and 
div erse workfor ceGener ate t op quar tile le v el of staff 
engagement in our businessesA mbitionElec tr ic V ehic le
T r ansit ionW e will activ ely manage our por tfolio in 
line with car par c tr ends, and be an early 
mo v er in the EV aftermark etBecome a leader in the EV Aftermark et in 
A ustr alia and New Z ealandA mbition
Sus tainab le
S our c ingW e par tner with suppliers t o build their 
str ength and capability t o impr o v e labour , 
ethical and envir onmental pr acticesSustainable supply chain 
committed t o sustainable sour cingA mbitionW as t e W e will aid cust omers in r educing their 
waste footprint, and lead b y example in 
our business oper ationsEnhance the sustainability of our packaging 
design and materialsA mbition
H e alt h ,  S a f e t y   
&  W ellb eingT he health, saf ety and wellbeing (H SW )  
of our people is the t op priority in 
e v er ything we doA healthy and saf e workplace  
committed t o z er o harmA mbition
Sustainability Governance
The Amotiv Board approves the ESG strategy and policies. The Board is supported by the Risk, Safety and Sustainability Committee, 
which  monitors  progress  against  ESG impact  areas  and targets.  Our Managing  Director  and CEO places  a strong  emphasis  on 
the importance of sustainability at Amotiv and in FY25 appointed a Chief Strategy, Innovation and Sustainability Officer to lead the 
ongoing Sustainability journey across the Group.
The Amotiv  Group  Quality  and Supplier  Council  is responsible  for sustainable  sourcing  policy  development  and implementation,  and 
is supported by the Sustainable Sourcing Work Group with representatives from each Division. Other working groups comprised 
of Business  Unit leads,  support  policy  development  and communication  of ESG-related  programs,  including  comprehensive 
governance  and operational  frameworks  to support  and promote  our Health,  Safety  and Wellbeing  and Thriving  People  impact 
areas. Each Divisional CEO drives policy implementation within their respective Division and Business Units.
To support  integration  of the ESG strategy  with the broader  Group  strategy,  the Board  has set an incentive  structure  which  includes 
non-financial  targets,  encouraging  and rewarding  executives'  efforts  focused  on specific  ESG priorities.  More  information  about 
these can be found in the 2025 Remuneration Report.
Relevant  statements  and policies  can be found  in the Corporate  Governance  section  of the Company’s  website  at https://amotiv.com/
corporate-governance including  the Corporate  Governance  Statement,  Code  of Conduct,  Diversity  and Inclusion  Policy  and 
Sustainable Sourcing Code.
22 Amotiv Limited Annual Report 2025