=== Page 15 ===
Planet (continued) 4
B. Climate Change 
As a group of companies operating across Australia and New 
Zealand, we recognise the social and environmental impacts 
of climate change and our responsibility in minimising our 
environmental footprint to mitigate these impacts. 
I.  Climate Change Oversight  
and Governance 
The Audit and Risk Committee ( ARC ) provides oversight 
of the adequacy and effectiveness of Eagers risk 
management system, including sustainability and 
climate-related risks and opportunities. More information 
about our governance and risk management framework is 
set out in section 5 – Performance – Sustainable Growth. 
II.  Climate Change Risks  
and Opportunities
As a retailer of new and used vehicles, we believe 
regulatory demands and consumer expectations 
are a driving force behind our original equipment 
manufacturers ( OEMs ) transitioning to lower emission 
vehicles and this, as well as the physical impacts of 
extreme weather events, will continue to impact our 
business, presenting both risks and opportunities. 
Climate related risks and opportunities can be 
categorised into two broad topics:
 -  Transition risks and opportunities that arise from 
the shift toward a lower-carbon economy, such 
as changes in regulations, technology, or market 
preferences, and 
 -  Physical risks and opportunities, which can be 
acute (like extreme weather events) or chronic 
(such as long-term shifts in climate patterns). 
The Group has taken steps to identify and assess 
the climate related risks and opportunities that the 
Group faces, which will be subject to ongoing review 
and assessment. These were identified through 
a combination of internal and external risk and 
opportunity assessments with the support of an 
independent climate sustainability advisor.
By understanding our material climate-related risks 
and opportunities we can build business resilience 
by ensuring appropriate risk mitigations are in place, 
leverage any opportunities for competitive advantage 
and make more informed strategic, financial and 
operational decisions.
While risk specific mitigation activities are continually 
under review and assessment, overall, we are well 
placed to respond to climate related risks and 
opportunities due to:
 -  Our diversified vehicle brand approach which 
places us in a strong competitive position to adapt 
to shifting consumer preferences, 
 -  Our diversified business model which enables us to 
balance risks and leverage new opportunities, and 
 -  Our broad geographic base which enables us 
to maintain operations in the face of isolated 
extreme weather events.
Together these factors serve to improve business 
resilience and financial stability. III.  Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 
Although our businesses, as retailers, generate a 
relatively modest level of GHG emissions, we are 
committed to playing our part in the broader emission 
reduction response and supporting our OEM partners 
in their emissions reductions journey. 
The Group continues to focus on energy efficiency and 
renewable initiatives as well as site consolidations, 
which serves to minimise energy consumption and 
emission increases, despite business growth. An annual 
review of the emissions and energy consumption of the 
Group’s Australian operations is undertaken as part of 
our compliance with Australia’s national greenhouse 
and energy reporting requirements ( NGERS ). 
In 2024 we enlisted third party assistance in 
conducting an audit of the Group’s compliance 
with NGERS, in line with a continuous improvement 
approach. This audit also ensured continued 
confidence in our facility-based reporting data in light 
of our property acquisition and consolidation strategy.
a. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
Our total Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect) 
emissions for the NGERS reporting year 2023 – 
2024, in comparison to previous years were: 
T CO2-e 2023-
20242022-
20232021-
20222020-
2021
Scope 1 33,110 31,670 29,067 33,009
Scope 2 25,545 24,762 26,104 29,561
TOTAL 58,655 56,432 55,171 62,570
These emissions have been calculated in 
accordance with the NGERS methodology 
including relevant emissions factors and should 
be viewed in light of business growth. The NGERS 
methodology requires that the operational 
control approach be used.
The majority of the Group’s Scope 1 emissions 
are from transport fuel used in motor vehicles, 
determined through fuel purchasing data from 
fuel cards and bulk fuel delivery to sites with in-
ground fuel tanks. 
The Group’s Scope 2 emissions are mostly 
from energy purchased from the grid. 
Emissions from electricity consumption are 
collated from electricity providers’ invoices by 
operating location. 
14    |   EAGERS AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED

=== Page 16 ===
III.  Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (continued)
b. Emission reduction initiatives
We have continued to roll out our solar 
replacement and installation program with an 
additional 6 Solar Photovoltaic ( PV) systems 
installed in 2024, each providing between 75kW 
and 450kW of electricity. This amounts to an 
additional 800 kW of solar PV capacity, which 
combined with existing systems of approximately 
7.7GWh, can generate approximately 8.5GWh 
of electricity annually. For the 2024 reporting 
period, the solar energy produced accounted 
for approximately 15% 1 of the Group’s total 
electricity consumption.
In conjunction with our solar roll out project, 
this year the Group also commenced a solar 
metering project. This project involves retrofitting 
meters on existing solar PV systems so we can 
more accurately measure energy produced by 
our systems and obtain insights into system 
performance for maintenance purposes. In 
2024, 33 of 65 solar PV systems were retrofitted 
with meters, with the remaining systems to be 
retrofitted with meters in 2025.
The Group continued to pro-actively manage 
the commercial installation of energy efficient 
lighting (i.e. LEDs) and more efficient and 
environmentally friendly air conditioning systems. 
The rollout of light sensor and timer devices also 
continued, which together support localised 
reduction strategies in energy consumption, 
as well as cost management in the face of 
increasing electricity pricing. 
c.  Transition towards lower emission vehicles 
The evolution from largely internal 
combustion engines  (ICE) to lower 
emission technologies is a significant 
change to the automotive industry, 
driven by evolving consumer 
preferences, emerging technologies 
and regulatory pressures and 
incentives. Eagers Automotive 
continues to support this transition 
and the visions of our OEM  
partners by:
•  Providing OEMs with local market 
insights impacting customer 
preferences for more informed 
decision making,
•  Diversifying into the electric truck  
segment, and 
•  Investing in infrastructure across 
its network to support adoption of 
lower emission vehicles. d.  Supporting OEM partners with  
their sustainability and emission  
reduction journeys
We partner with each of our OEMs to help 
support their sustainability ambitions including 
any aspirations for reducing emissions across 
their operations and value chains. In 2024 this 
included a number of our dealerships partnering 
with OEMs to undertake ESG related audits and 
develop appropriate action plans to support 
the OEMs in their sustainability and emission 
reduction journeys. 
1. Estimated solar generation, based on 
system size and using the Clean Energy 
Council’s published location factors per kWh 
for the 23/24 financial year.Planet
 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT     |   15