=== Table 1 (page 10) ===
,"E190 fleet, and have enabled",The Group measures and reports
,the Group to reduce its debt,its Scope 1 and 2 emissions under
,from December 2024.,the National Greenhouse and
,,"Energy Reporting Scheme, and has"
,Our fleet expansion program,
,,a range of initiatives underway to
,neared completion with the,
,,review energy use and emissions
,acquisition of ten Embraer,
,,from our business.
,E190 aircraft settled during the,
,year and the remaining ten due for,The outlook for the Group in
,settlement in FY2026. To support,FY2026 remains positive with
,"this expansion, the",the first full year of wet lease
,Group acquired additional,operations for Qantas. A range
,hangars at Brisbane Airport and,of initiatives underway are being
James Jackson,,
,has expanded our workforce to,undertaken to improve utilisation
Chairman,,
,"more than 1,450 people.",of aircraft and operational
,,resources. As the fleet expansion
"Dear Shareholders,",The Board of Alliance Aviation,
,,is finalised during this financial
I am pleased to present my first,Services has undergone significant,
,,"year, we are focused on improving"
report as Chairman of Alliance,renewal during the last financial,
,,operational reliability and cost
"Aviation Services Limited, for",year. David Crombie AM and Peter,
,,"management, and optimising cash"
the FY2025 financial year.,Housden retired as directors in,
,,flow to reduce debt levels.
,October 2024. Alliance Airlines,
"The operational, financial",,
,"Co-founder and Chairman, Steve",Further to these operational
and strategic performance of,,
,Padgett OAM retired from the,initiatives the board has engaged
the Group was characterised,,
,Board in February 2025. These,the services of a corporate
"by resilience, reliability",,
,three non-executive directors,adviser to undertake a strategic
"and sustainability, which",,
,served the Group since its ASX,review of the group. They will be
is the theme of this year’s,,
,"listing in December 2011, and have",assisting the board to further
annual report.,,
,been instrumental in establishing,develop strategy and actions
Alliance managed considerable,Alliance Airlines as Australia’s,with the objective of converting
external pressures to achieve,leading air charter operator and,the significant growth and scale
record flight hours for the fifth,setting the foundations for the,now in the business into greater
consecutive year and maintain,Group’s continuing success.,shareholder value.
industry leading on-time,,
,Mark Stanton and I were,"In closing, I would like to thank"
"performance, and at the same",,
,appointed to the Board in July,Alliance’s staff and contractors
time made substantial progress,,
,"2024, and Bernie Campbell",for their hard work and dedication
in implementing its longer-term,,
,joined in February 2025. We are,to providing safe and reliable
strategic plans.,,
,honoured to serve the Group on,service for our clients. Thank
The Group reported a solid,"behalf of the shareholders, and",you also to our shareholders
financial performance with,excited to build on the strong,for your continued support for
improvements in earnings,foundations created by the Board,Alliance Airlines.
"before interest, depreciation",and management team.,
"and amortisation, net assets",,
,"On behalf of the Board,",
and operating cash flow. On this,,
,I would like to thank the three,
"basis, I am pleased to advise",,
,departing directors for their,
that the Board of Directors have,,
,outstanding service.,
declared a dividend of a 3.0 cents,,
per share fully franked.,As a Group One organisation under,
,the Commonwealth Government,James Jackson
Strategic sales of inventory and,,
,"Safeguard Mechanism, Alliance",Chairman
aircraft engines during the year,,
,is on track to meet its climate-,
will strengthen the reliability,,
,related disclosure requirements,
of our operations by improving,,
,in FY2026 as mandated by the,
access to spare parts for our,,
,Corporations Act 2001 Chapter 2M.,