=== Page 26 ===
ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued ) 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards 
On behalf the Directors 
Robert D Fraser Chairman 
Melbourne, 19 August, 2025 The Group is currently quantifying its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard. Where there may be overlap with the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER)Scheme, consideration is being given to determine the most appropriate calculation methodology. Following the establishment andmeasurement of a complete greenhouse gas inventory, the Group will be in a position to explore the potential for target setting anddetermine a
ppropriate focus areas for decarbonisation.Risk Management
Whilst the Group has an established risk management infrastructure that is integral to business operations extending to all levels of
personnel, the Group is working towards compliance with AASB S2 (Climate Related Disclosures) in the 2026 financial year. TheBoard of Directors is ultimately responsible for risk management, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee. Operationally, theGroup's employee code of conduct makes clear the types of behaviours, situations and/or incidents that are considered high risk,and the escalation procedures that should be followed in those instances where the right of ARB personnel to a work environmentthat is safe, fair, ethical and legal, may be at risk.In recent years, there have been a number of reporting development s regarding mandatory disclosur e of sustainab ility-related
information, particularly climate-related reporting, in Australia. ARB has been following these developments and is taking steps toensure ongoing compliance.
To demonstrate ARB’s commitment, the Group has taken initial steps toward implementation of AASB S1 General Requirements
for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information andAASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures , with which the disclosure
below is ali
gned. The Grou p will continue its progress towards the AASB re quirements in the 2026 financial year.
To avoid the duplication of processes and resources across the Group, ARB integrates sustainability-related matters into existing
processes and structures. This includes various sustainability-related matters that impact ARB across environmental, social andgovernance themes, one such theme being climate change. For this reason, all references to sustainability are inclusive of, but notlimited to climate change.
The Group maintains an Environmental Mana gement System for its major operating fa cility in Australia th rough which management
identif
y, assess and mana ge environmental risks, includin g sources of greenhouse gas emissions.
Risks identified across the Group are assessed in accordance with the Risk Management Framework and actioned to eliminate or
alternatively reduce risk to an acceptable level, as determined by the Board. Residual risk continues to be monitored, withaccountabilit
y and status of each risk documented in the cor porate risk re gister.
These risk management processes apply  to all sustainability-related ri sks, including risks arising from climate cha nge.With reference to ARB’s Board Charter, the Board of Directors remains ultimately responsible for the Group’s risk appetite and
strategy, including climate-related risk, strategy and opportunities. The execution of the Board’s strategy is delegated to the ChiefExecutive Officer.Climate Chang
e
Strategy
ARB has engaged the independent services of consultancy firm BDO, to provide guidance and advise on the formalisation of the
Group's climate change strategy. This includes the preparation and approval of a detailed climate risk and opportunity assessmentwhich considers the potential impact of climate change on the Group. The climate risk and opportunity assessment is expected tobe ready in preparation for and compliance with the implementation of AASB S2 (Climate Related Disclosures) in the 2026 financial
year. In addition , the Grou p maintains a climate risk re gister.
Metrics & Target sThe Company's Corporate Governance Statement is included at page 57 of this report and is also available on the Company 
website at htt p://www.arb.com.au/abou t/investor-relations/ .
Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors made pursuant to s.298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001 .Governanc eCorporate Governance Statement
19For personal use only