=== Table 1 (page 11) ===
Sustainability is integral to Arena’s investment approach,
,ratio within the target range of 70-80%.
and best positions Arena to achieve positive long term,
commercial and community outcomes. Sustainability,
outcomes delivered during this financial year include:,OUTLOOK
zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions;,
,ELC sector and portfolio update
solar renewable energy systems installed on 92% of,The Federal government continues to introduce reforms
Arena’s property portfolio;,"focused on improving access to high quality, affordable"
a 39% absolute reduction and 47% reduction in,childcare for Australian families. These reforms have been
the intensity of Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets,informed by reviews conducted by the ACCC (2023)6 and
"Emissions to end FY20243, compared with our interim",Productivity Commission (2024)7 and are anticipated to
2030 target of a 60-70% reduction in the intensity of,"increase ELC participation, delivering direct benefits to"
Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets Emissions4; and,families and higher workforce participation benefits to the
,economy.
the achievement of 100% of Sustainability Linked,
Loan margin discount for the FY2024 sustainability,"Recently disclosed serious incidents of harm, misconduct"
performance targets.,and abuse in the sector have resulted in a greater focus
,by Federal and state governments on regulatory measures

=== Table 2 (page 11) ===
Average like-for-like rent review increase of 3.5%,during the financial year. These funds supported $224
,"million in acquisitions and developments, with the balance"
Rent reviews during the period resulted in an average,
,funded through asset sales and borrowings. At 30 June
like-for-like FY2025 rent increase of 3.5%. This included 30,
,2025 Arena’s borrowings totalled $437 million and gearing
"market rent reviews, which were resolved at an average",
,"was 22.8%5, with significant capacity to fund the existing"
increase of 6.8%. In the year ahead 10% of the portfolio,
,development pipeline as well as new potential investment
"(by income) is subject to a market rent review, and over",
,opportunities.
the next four years approximately 40% of the portfolio (by,
income) is subject to a market rent review.,
,Debt facility increased and extended
Uplift in ELC portfolio valuations,"In April 2025, Arena increased its borrowing facility by"
A total of 58 properties were independently valued as,$100 million to $600 million and extended the maturity
at 30 June 2025 with the balance of the portfolio subject,dates on each $200 million tranche to 31 May 2028; 31 May
to directors’ valuations. An annual valuation uplift of,"2029 and 31 May 2030. As at 30 June 2025, the weighted"
"$24 million was recorded, representing an increase of",average remaining facility term was 3.9 years and the
1.4% reflecting stronger passing and market rents. The,weighted average cost of debt was 4.1%.
weighted average passing yield of the portfolio increased,
,Hedging was in place over 69% of borrowings at 30
by eight basis points to 5.47%.,
,"June 2025, with additional forward swaps contracted to"
,commence across FY2026 and FY2027. These forward
,swaps will cover higher forecast debt balances as current
SUSTAINABILITY,
,capex commitments are funded and bring the hedging
Sustainability is integral to Arena’s investment approach,
,ratio within the target range of 70-80%.
and best positions Arena to achieve positive long term,
commercial and community outcomes. Sustainability,
outcomes delivered during this financial year include:,OUTLOOK
zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions;,
,ELC sector and portfolio update
solar renewable energy systems installed on 92% of,The Federal government continues to introduce reforms
Arena’s property portfolio;,"focused on improving access to high quality, affordable"
a 39% absolute reduction and 47% reduction in,childcare for Australian families. These reforms have been
the intensity of Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets,informed by reviews conducted by the ACCC (2023)6 and
"Emissions to end FY20243, compared with our interim",Productivity Commission (2024)7 and are anticipated to
2030 target of a 60-70% reduction in the intensity of,"increase ELC participation, delivering direct benefits to"
Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets Emissions4; and,families and higher workforce participation benefits to the
,economy.
the achievement of 100% of Sustainability Linked,
Loan margin discount for the FY2024 sustainability,"Recently disclosed serious incidents of harm, misconduct"
performance targets.,and abuse in the sector have resulted in a greater focus
,by Federal and state governments on regulatory measures
Further details of Arena’s sustainability outcomes can be,
,to improve safeguarding of children and penalise non-
found on pages 14 to 16 of this report and in the FY2025,
,compliance. While Arena is not involved in the operation
Sustainability Report.,
,"of any services at early learning centres, we strongly"
,support the adoption of enhanced safety measures across
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT,"the sector. We are engaging with our tenant partners,"
,and support initiatives that strengthen child safety and
Funding capacity,
,community confidence.
Arena raised $164 million in new equity through an,

=== Table 3 (page 16) ===
,OUR FY2025 PERFORMANCE,,,
,KEY ISSUE,TARGET,TRACKING,RECENT ACHIEVEMENTS
Environment,Climate,Develop a detailed transition,DELIVERED,Delivered a 39% absolute reduction and 47%
,resilience,plan including an emissions,,reduction in the intensity of Arena’s Downstream
,,reduction roadmap for,,"Leased Assets Emissions1 to end FY2024,"
,,our operations and asset,,compared with our interim 2030 target of a
,,portfolio by FY2025.,,60-70% reduction in the intensity of Arena’s
,,,,Downstream Leased Assets Emissions1.
,,Align reporting with,DELIVERED,
,,recommendations of the,,FY2025 Sustainability Report disclosures aligned
,,TCFD by FY2025.,,with the TCFD.
,Resource,Maintain organisational,DELIVERED,Zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions.
,efficiency,carbon neutrality.,,
,,,,6-star rating for organisational NABERS energy
,,Install solar renewable energy,,tenancy rating (with 100% green power).
,,systems on 90% of Arena’s,DELIVERED,
,,,,Measured and offset our Organisation and
,,property portfolio by FY2027.,,
,,,,Services GHG Inventories to maintain carbon
,,,,neutrality.
,,,,Solar renewable energy systems installed on
,,,,92% of Arena’s property portfolio.
Social,Our team,Create a working,DELIVERED,Maintained gender balance for the ARL Board
,,environment where our team,,and senior executives using the 40:40:20 model.
,,"members can work efficiently,",,
,,,,Independent team alignment and engagement
,,feel valued and appreciated,,
,,,,survey benchmarked with top decile ranking in
,,and engage and collaborate,,
,,,,both employee engagement and alignment.
,,to deliver beneficial and,,
,,sustainable outcomes.,,
,Our tenant,Continue to collaborate,DELIVERED,We continued to work collaboratively with our
,partners,with tenant partners on,,"tenant partners during the period, engaging"
,,appropriately identified ESG/,,with a tenant partner to explore an emerging
,,Sustainability initiatives and,,technology platform that measures CO2 savings
,,report progress.,,from solar installations and may enable tenants
,,,,to capture additional financial value from
,,,,existing solar infrastructure.
,Our,Our social infrastructure,ON TRACK,Renewed community partnership with RizeUp –
,communities,properties facilitate access,,a grass roots community organisation facilitating
,,to services which provide,,a pathway to safety and independence for
,,"material benefits, both",,women and children impacted by domestic and
,,"social and financial, to local",,family violence.
,,communities and society,,
,,,,Submitted Arena’s ‘Reflect’ Reconciliation Action
,,more generally.,,
,,,,Plan draft to Reconciliation Australia.
Governance,Responsible,Continue to review and,DELIVERED,Integrated and implemented Arena’s internal
,governance,refine company policies and,,investment process methodology to include
,,procedures for managing,,‘Preferred Sustainability Investment Criteria’
,,ESG risks.,,which are consistent with Arena’s Sustainability
,,,,Framework.
,,,,FTSE Russell ESG Governance Score maintained
,,,,"at 5/5, the highest possible rating."
,Supply chain,Continue to build on our,ON TRACK,Delivered fourth voluntary Modern Slavery
,sustainability,Modern Slavery response in,,Statement.
,,line with our roadmap.,,
,,,,Delivered Year 3 targets of our Modern Slavery
,,,,Roadmap.

=== Table 4 (page 29) ===
Performance and Remuneration Outcomes continued
"FY2025 was characterised by continued economic and market volatility, including elevated interest rates, cost of living"
"pressures, and geo-political policy uncertainty. Despite this, Arena delivered the following strong outcomes against its"
"investment objective, underpinned by disciplined capital management, investment execution, and portfolio performance:"
Distributable Income of $73 million representing 17% growth on FY2024;
Distributable Income per Security (DIS) of 18.55 cents representing 5.1% growth on FY2024;
Distributions per Security (DPS) of 18.25 cents representing 4.9% growth on FY2024;
Increase in FY2026 distribution guidance to 19.25 cents representing growth of 5.5%;
Portfolio occupancy maintained over 99% and weighted average lease expiry of 18.4 years; and
Gearing maintained below 23%.
"Arena also achieved strong progress across non-financial priorities, with sustainability now embedded across our business"
operations:
Zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions;
Carbon neutral for business operations and services in 2023-2024;
Solar renewable energy systems installed on 92% of Arena’s property portfolio;
Adopted an Emission Reduction Plan targeting net zero by 2050 with an interim 2030 target of a 60-70% reduction in
the intensity of Arena’s Financed Emissions; and
Achieved a 47% reduction in the intensity of Arena’s Financed Emissions.
"The Committee remains focused on team culture, leadership and development. In FY2025, Arena has:"
Maintained a high level of team retention with alignment and engagement measured in the top decile;
Continued to invest in our team and individual development programs;
Invested in new resources to contribute to business development and growth opportunities;
Supported flexible working and invested in staff wellness and leadership programs; and
Enhanced our code of conduct and workplace policies to support our team experience.

=== Table 5 (page 37) ===
Non-Financial Objectives (50%),,,,
Key,,,,
Performance,Strategic Business,,,
Driver,Objectives,Weighting,Rating Comments,
Culture,Culture & Values,12.5%,T,No safety or injury incidents.
,,,,Independent team alignment and engagement survey
,Governance,,,
,,,,benchmarked with top decile ranking in employee engagement
,Sustainability,,,and alignment maintained.
,,,,Development and succession program in place and set as a KPI
,Team Performance,,,
,,,,for Executive KMP.
,Development &,,,Sustainability embedded across Arena’s business strategy with
,Succession,,,our investment assessment methodology updated to include
,,,,‘Preferred Sustainability Investment Criteria’ to align with
,,,,Arena’s Sustainability Framework.
,,,,Zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions.
,,,,6-star rating for organisational NABERS energy co-assessment.
,,,,Carbon neutral for business operations and services in 2023-
,,,,2024.
,,,,Submitted Arena’s ‘Reflect’ Reconciliation Action Plan.
,,,,Solar renewable energy systems installed on 92% of property
,,,,portfolio.
,,,,Adopted an Emission Reduction Plan targeting net zero
,,,,"Financed Emissions by 2050, with an interim 2030 target of a 60-"
,,,,70% reduction in the intensity of Arena’s Financed Emissions.
,,,,A 39% absolute reduction and 47% reduction in the intensity of
,,,,Arena’s Financed Emissions to end FY2024.
Discipline,Capital Management,12.5%,E,"Business funding, hedging, liquidity and gearing maintained"
,,,,within approved parameters and development pipeline fully
,Insurances,,,
,,,,funded.
,Lease Management,,,"Expanded debt facility, extended all debt maturities and"
,,,,improved debt facility pricing.
,Portfolio,,,
,,,,Achieved the full Sustainability Linked Loan margin discount for
,Management,,,
,,,,the FY2024 performance targets.
,Technology,,,Reduced cost of corporate insurances through disciplined risk
,,,,management processes.
,,,,Stability of 18.4 year WALE maintained.
,,,,Greater than 99% tenant occupancy maintained.
,,,,Enhanced program of cyber risk management and IT security.
Relationships  Capital Providers,,12.5%,T,Record size Institutional Placement and Security Purchase Plan
,,,,for Arena strongly supported by investors.
,Stakeholder,,,
,,,,Positive tenant engagement survey rating.
,Management,,,
,,,,Continued working collaboratively with our tenant partners
,Tenant Partners,,,completing a review of current solar installations to identify