=== Page 9 ===
ARENA REIT ANNUAL REPORT 20259
1. FY2026 distribution guidance is estimated on a status quo basis assuming no new acquisitions or disposals and no material change in current market 
or operating conditions.and a further 29 ELC development projects in the pipeline, Arena is well placed to continue to deliver on its investment 
objective of generating attractive and predictable distributions with earnings growth prospects over the medium term to 
long term.
Board renewal and leadership succession 
During the year we farewelled long standing director Dennis Wildenberg from the Arena board and welcomed Adam 
Tindall. Dennis served on the Board since listing and made a significant contribution through his stewardship and 
commitment, including as Chair of the Audit Committee. Adam brings deep experience across investment management 
and real estate that strongly complements the Board’s existing skill set.
This year marks a significant milestone in Arena REIT’s journey, as we prepare for a leadership transition. On behalf of 
the Board, I would like to thank Rob de Vos, who is expected to step down from his role as Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) following the Annual General Meeting in November 2025. Rob has served Arena with distinction 
for 13 years, including more than six and a half years as CEO. His leadership has been instrumental in strengthening our 
investment portfolio, expanding tenant partnerships, and delivering attractive total returns since Arena’s ASX listing. 
Rob’s integrity, vision, and unwavering focus on positive outcomes for all stakeholders have left an enduring legacy, and 
we thank him sincerely for his outstanding contribution.
We are equally pleased to welcome Justin Bailey as CEO-designate. Justin joined Arena in February 2024 as Chief 
Investment Officer, following a comprehensive search process. Over the past 18 months, he has demonstrated deep 
insight into our portfolio, strong alignment with our values, and a clear strategic mindset. His passion for the business 
and commitment to our team and stakeholders position him well to lead Arena into its next chapter.
The Board is confident that this transition will be seamless, with Rob and Justin aligned on Arena’s strategy and 
committed to working closely together in the months ahead. 
Social and environmental impact
Arena remains committed to creating positive social impact through our investments. By developing high-quality early 
learning centres, we enhance access to early education for families across Australia. Arena has zero organisational scope 
1 and 2 emissions and 92% of the property portfolio has solar renewable energy systems installed. Our sustainability 
initiatives strengthen both community outcomes and long-term portfolio resilience.
Well positioned for the future 
Looking ahead to FY2026, Arena is well positioned to continue delivering on our investment objective and purpose of 
building ‘Better Communities. Together’. Our long term leases and structured annual rental reviews remain a key driver 
of income growth, and our accretive development pipeline provides additional uplift. These elements, combined with 
our disciplined approach, capital management expertise, and commitment to sustainability, reinforce our ability to create 
sustainable value for securityholders and good outcomes for communities.
I am pleased to provide distribution guidance for FY2026 of 19.25 cents per security1 – representing a 5.5 % increase on 
FY2025.
On behalf of the Board and management team, I extend our sincere thanks to our securityholders, tenants, and business 
partners for their ongoing support. I also wish to acknowledge and thank our management team for their continued 
dedication and contribution to Arena’s success.
Yours faithfully,
David Ross, Chair

=== Page 11 ===
ARENA REIT ANNUAL REPORT 202511Average like-for-like rent review increase of 3.5%
Rent reviews during the period resulted in an average 
like-for-like FY2025 rent increase of 3.5%. This included 30 
market rent reviews, which were resolved at an average 
increase of 6.8%. In the year ahead 10% of the portfolio 
(by income) is subject to a market rent review, and over 
the next four years approximately 40% of the portfolio (by 
income) is subject to a market rent review.
Uplift in ELC portfolio valuations 
A total of 58 properties were independently valued as 
at 30 June 2025 with the balance of the portfolio subject 
to directors’ valuations. An annual valuation uplift of 
$24 million was recorded, representing an increase of 
1.4% reflecting stronger passing and market rents. The 
weighted average passing yield of the portfolio increased 
by eight basis points to 5.47%.
SUSTAINABILITY 
Sustainability is integral to Arena’s investment approach 
and best positions Arena to achieve positive long term 
commercial and community outcomes. Sustainability 
outcomes delivered during this financial year include:
 zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions;
 solar renewable energy systems installed on 92% of 
Arena’s property portfolio;
 a 39% absolute reduction and 47% reduction in 
the intensity of Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets 
Emissions to end FY20243, compared with our interim 
2030 target of a 60-70% reduction in the intensity of 
Arena’s Downstream Leased Assets Emissions4; and
 the achievement of 100% of Sustainability Linked 
Loan margin discount for the FY2024 sustainability 
performance targets.
Further details of Arena’s sustainability outcomes can be 
found on pages 14 to 16 of this report and in the FY2025 
Sustainability Report.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
Funding capacity
Arena raised $164 million in new equity through an 
institutional placement, security purchase plan, and DRP 
3. As compared with equivalent restated FY2021 baseline.
4.	 Downstream	Leased	Assets	Emissions	are	Scope	3	(Category	13),	Downstream	Leased	Assets	Emissions	by	indoor	floor	area	measured	in	kgCO2e/m2	
in	line	with	supplemental	guidance	for	the	financial	sector	by	the	TCFD	as	compared	with	equivalent	restated	FY2021	baseline.	
5. Gearing calculated as ratio of net borrowings over total assets less cash.
6. Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) Childcare Inquiry Final Report December 2023
7. Australian Government Productivity Commission ‘A path to universal early childhood education and care’ Report No. 106, 28 June 2024“Arena’s strong market relationships, proven 
development track record and the capability 
of our highly skilled team have positioned the 
business as a partner of choice with tenants.”
during the financial year. These funds supported $224 
million in acquisitions and developments, with the balance 
funded through asset sales and borrowings. At 30 June 
2025 Arena’s borrowings totalled $437 million and gearing 
was 22.8%5, with significant capacity to fund the existing 
development pipeline as well as new potential investment 
opportunities. 
Debt facility increased and extended 
In April 2025, Arena increased its borrowing facility by 
$100 million to $600 million and extended the maturity 
dates on each $200 million tranche to 31 May 2028; 31 May 
2029 and 31 May 2030. As at 30 June 2025, the weighted 
average remaining facility term was 3.9 years and the 
weighted average cost of debt was 4.1%. 
Hedging was in place over 69% of borrowings at 30 
June 2025, with additional forward swaps contracted to 
commence across FY2026 and FY2027. These forward 
swaps will cover higher forecast debt balances as current 
capex commitments are funded and bring the hedging 
ratio within the target range of 70-80%.
OUTLOOK
ELC sector and portfolio update
The Federal government continues to introduce reforms 
focused on improving access to high quality, affordable 
childcare for Australian families. These reforms have been 
informed by reviews conducted by the ACCC (2023)6 and 
Productivity Commission (2024)7 and are anticipated to 
increase ELC participation, delivering direct benefits to 
families and higher workforce participation benefits to the 
economy. 
Recently disclosed serious incidents of harm, misconduct 
and abuse in the sector have resulted in a greater focus 
by Federal and state governments on regulatory measures 
to improve safeguarding of children and penalise non-
compliance. While Arena is not involved in the operation 
of any services at early learning centres, we strongly 
support the adoption of enhanced safety measures across 
the sector. We are engaging with our tenant partners, 
and support initiatives that strengthen child safety and 
community confidence.

=== Page 16 ===
16SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED
OUR PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 
We have continued to make material progress on our goals during the reporting period as detailed below.
1.		Scope	3	(Category	13),	Downstream	Leased	Assets	Emissions	by	indoor	floor	area	measured	in	kgCO2e/m2	in	line	with	supplemental	guidance	for	the	
financial	sector	by	the	TCFD	as	compared	with	equivalent	restated	FY2021	baseline.OUR FY2025 PERFORMANCE
KEY ISSUE TARGET TRACKING RECENT ACHIEVEMENTS
Environment Climate 
resilience Develop a detailed transition 
plan including an emissions 
reduction roadmap for 
our operations and asset 
portfolio by FY2025.
 Align reporting with 
recommendations of the 
TCFD by FY2025.DELIVERED 
 
 
 
DELIVERED Delivered a 39% absolute reduction and 47% 
reduction in the intensity of Arena’s Downstream 
Leased Assets Emissions1 to end FY2024, 
compared with our interim 2030 target of a 
60-70% reduction in the intensity of Arena’s 
Downstream Leased Assets Emissions1.
 FY2025 Sustainability Report disclosures aligned 
with the TCFD.
Resource 
efficiency Maintain organisational 
carbon neutrality.
 Install solar renewable energy 
systems on 90% of Arena’s 
property portfolio by FY2027.DELIVERED 
 
DELIVERED Zero organisational scope 1 and 2 emissions.
 6-star rating for organisational NABERS energy 
tenancy rating (with 100% green power).
 Measured and offset our Organisation and 
Services GHG Inventories to maintain carbon 
neutrality.
 Solar renewable energy systems installed on 
92% of Arena’s property portfolio.
Social Our team  Create a working 
environment where our team 
members can work efficiently, 
feel valued and appreciated 
and engage and collaborate 
to deliver beneficial and 
sustainable outcomes.DELIVERED  Maintained gender balance for the ARL Board 
and senior executives using the 40:40:20 model. 
 Independent team alignment and engagement 
survey benchmarked with top decile ranking in 
both employee engagement and alignment.
Our tenant 
partners Continue to collaborate 
with tenant partners on 
appropriately identified ESG/
Sustainability initiatives and 
report progress.DELIVERED  We continued to work collaboratively with our 
tenant partners during the period, engaging 
with a tenant partner to explore an emerging 
technology platform that measures CO2 savings 
from solar installations and may enable tenants 
to capture additional financial value from 
existing solar infrastructure.
Our 
communities Our social infrastructure 
properties facilitate access 
to services which provide 
material benefits, both 
social and financial, to local 
communities and society 
more generally.ON TRACK  Renewed community partnership with RizeUp – 
a grass roots community organisation facilitating 
a pathway to safety and independence for 
women and children impacted by domestic and 
family violence.
 Submitted Arena’s ‘Reflect’ Reconciliation Action 
Plan draft to Reconciliation Australia. 
Governance Responsible 
governance Continue to review and 
refine company policies and 
procedures for managing 
ESG risks.DELIVERED  Integrated and implemented Arena’s internal 
investment process methodology to include 
‘Preferred Sustainability Investment Criteria’ 
which are consistent with Arena’s Sustainability 
Framework.
 FTSE Russell ESG Governance Score maintained 
at 5/5, the highest possible rating.
Supply chain 
sustainability Continue to build on our 
Modern Slavery response in 
line with our roadmap.ON TRACK  Delivered fourth voluntary Modern Slavery 
Statement.
 Delivered Year 3 targets of our Modern Slavery 
Roadmap.