=== Page 3 ===
JOINT FUND MANAGER AND  
MANAGING DIRECTOR STATEMENT
We are pleased to present the inaugural Abacus Storage 
King sustainability report. This is the first year this report has 
been prepared for the standalone ASK entity following the 
de-stapling from Abacus Property Group in August 2023.
To thrive in the modern world business must provide products 
or services that its customers demand and do so in a way that 
preserves the environment, is considerate of all the people it 
interacts with and conducts itself in a manner consistent with 
societal norms. What is changing and evolving at a rapid rate 
is how these elements are measured and communicated to 
the business’ stakeholders.
We are pleased to report on our progress within our 
environmental, social and governance framework, or as we 
refer to it internally, the three ‘Cs’: Care for the Planet, 
Connect to People and Commit to do the Right Thing. This 
report serves to inform you, our stakeholders, of our progress 
towards a more sustainable future and some of the initiatives 
we are undertaking as an organisation.
Environment – Care for the planet
As the owner and operator of real estate assets, we must strive 
to both understand our impact on the environment and where 
possible reduce that impact. To support this, we recently 
announced our commitment to net zero scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions by 2030.
To achieve that objective, we are focused on reducing our 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by retiring the last of our natural 
gas heating systems, installing energy efficient electrical 
appliances and continuing the roll-out of LED lighting to 
replace fluorescent and incandescent lighting. We have also 
increased the penetration of rooftop solar photovoltaics to 76 
stores in the owned portfolio and are trialling battery storage 
and real-time consumption monitoring at a number of stores 
with a view to prioritising investments to the areas that will 
deliver us the best financial and environmental returns.On our new development sites, we are working closely with 
our architects and engineers to explore ways we can further 
reduce our environmental footprint. By trialling new initiatives 
on these sites, we can continue to refine our standards for new 
developments and apply learnings to the existing portfolio.
Social – Connect with people
At Abacus Storage King people are the heart of our business, 
whether that be our employees, customers or communities. 
To support this commitment we have established project 
teams to focus on the key areas of Gender Equality, 
Diversity and Inclusion, Employee Experience, Community 
Engagement and Customer Experience and we have set 
goals for the year ahead under each of these areas. 
Overall we are committed to being a people first 
organisation and strongly believe that if we first focus on 
engaged employees, they will deliver superior customer and 
community experiences which will in turn deliver superior 
shareholder returns.
Governance – Commit to do the right thing
The Board recognises the impact we have as a business on 
the stakeholders around us and the importance of managing 
that impact through an effective sustainability framework. By 
ensuring effective Board oversight we commit as a business to 
operate ethically, with transparency, and accountability.
STEVEN SEWELL  
Managing DirectorNIKKI LAWSON  
ASK Fund ManagerFY24 HIGHLIGHTS
GENDER PAY GAP  
from Workplace Gender Equality Agency  
3.4%1 (down 290bps from FY23)
SUPPORTING OUR PEOPLE  
Proud to be associated with Storage King brand from employee survey  
84%
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE  
Net Promoter Score  
65 (FY23: 62)
NET ZERO TARGET OF 2030 SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS2 
Board approved target for ASK owned stores
EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
6.2% reduction in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity  
(compared to FY23)
SOLAR ASSETS  
76 stores with installed rooftop solar photovoltaic systems with an installed capacity of 1,900 kW  
(FY23: 70 stores, 1,169 kW)
RESPONSIBLE PROCUREMENT  
New contractor management system implemented to track credentials, including modern 
slavery statements
Note:
1. Average total remuneration of 390 employees at Storage King Management Pty Ltd.
2. Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions for ASK owned stores assuming access to green power remaining a feasible option, if required.
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
5 4
01CONNECT TO PEOPLE
03COMMIT TO DO THE RIGHT THING02CARE FOR THE PLANET

=== Page 6 ===
Defining materiality
We aim to identify and report on the risks and opportunities that have relevant economic, environmental, social and governance 
impacts on our stakeholders.
For the inaugural review as a stand-alone entity, we embarked on a series of interviews with various stakeholder groups to better 
understand what was important to them and they considered important for a Self Storage REIT. The information gathered was 
fed into an internal cross-functional working group established to identify focus areas for the organisation.
The materiality matrix will be reviewed on an annual basis to provide a structured approach for review of current and emerging 
risks that may impact on business operations as well as create opportunities to respond to changing market conditions. It also 
helps inform our stakeholders about how these risks may impact our ability to create, preserve or erode economic, environmental, 
and social value for ourselves, society, and the environment.
Whilst many of the identified focus areas were the subject of existing initiatives, the process brought about a more formal 
framework to appropriately prioritise and resource projects.
Materiality matrix
Transparency and reporting
Executive compensationClimate risk modelling/planningBoard strengthEconomic prosperity
InnovationTalent attraction and retention
Diversity and inclusionCyber risk
Green buildingsCustomer experienceClimate change
(emissions and energy)
Employee wellbeingEmployee engagementWaste management and recycling
Risk managementCommunity engagement risk
Scope 3 emissions
Smart buildings
BiodiversityAﬀordability
Integrated reportingWater management
Importance to the businessImportance to shareholdersResponsible procurementReconciliation plan
Modern slaveryData, Technology and digitsationEthical business
WH&S
Connect Care Commit
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
11 10
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024 11 10
Storage King, Prestons

=== Page 7 ===
SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES ROADMAP
The materiality matrix is the culmination of a process of 
consultation with our stakeholders and taking on board 
each group’s concerns, priorities and aspirations. The 
materiality matrix is unique to every organisation, reflects 
an organisation’s particular circumstances and is a tool to 
inform the organisation for the prioritisation of resources.
A cross-functional sustainability working group 
was established to consider the implications of the 
materiality matrix for us and identified 15 focus areas 
that will support continued progress towards our 
sustainability goals. Many of these areas had existing 
initiatives underway, but the process of identifying the 
importance of issues through the materiality matrix, and 
identifying the focus areas, now provides an umbrella 
framework for resource prioritisation, and monitoring 
and reporting progress on our sustainability journey.
Like many organisations we embrace an ethos of 
continuous improvement and the materiality matrix 
should not be considered a static document. Stakeholder 
priorities will evolve over time and the materiality matrix 
and the focus areas it highlights will evolve with them.
Green buildings
Larger solar PV on all 
development sites where 
feasible; engage with architects 
and engineers re more 
sustainable optionsContractors
Complete compliance 
management software 
roll-out and digitise on-site 
sign-in processDigital security
Investigate the possible 
implementation of industry 
recognised cybersecurity 
standards such as ISO 27001Net zero 20301
Strategy endorsed and 
announced; GreenPower 
purchases increased from 
1 July 2024Waste 
Reduce waste to landﬁll, set 
targets for 2030 or earlierCommunity engagement 
Review spend, sponsorship 
arrangements, and aligned 
charities; develop volunteering 
program
Customer experience
Validate NPS baseline; 
map customer journey; 
understand pain/pleasure pointsResponsible procurement 
Broaden supplier selection criteria 
to include ethical practices, social 
responsibilities and environmental 
practicesEthical business conduct
Embed a culture of recognising, 
escalating and resolving issues 
that could impact our reputationRenewables 
Expand solar PV on existing 
stores; large scale battery trials; 
improved performance 
monitoringEmployee experience
Implement new HRIS; 
streamline onboarding; employee 
development strategy; paternity 
leaveBoard governance 
Assess requirements of ASRS 
(ISSB); deﬁne materiality; 
systemise data collectionWHS
Formalise metrics, systems
and reporting; ﬁrst on
EVERY agendaClimate resilience
Determine climate change 
modelling impacts on the 
business; quantify and
describe impactsGender equality diversity 
and inclusion 
Understand workforce proﬁle; 
GEDI Awareness and Mental 
Health training
Connect Care CommitNote:
1. Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions for ASK owned stores assuming access to 
green power remaining a feasible option, if required.
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
13 12

=== Page 14 ===
REDUCING OUR FOOTPRINT
We are committed to minimising our environmental footprint and conserving natural resources. 
Waste 
RecyclingGreywater 
Catchment and 
Eﬃcient AmenitiesCross Ventilation 
for Passive Cooling
Paperless 
OperationsSolar Generation 
On-Site and
Battery TestLow Maintenance 
LandscapingEnergy Eﬃcient
LEDs and
Sensor Lighting
Electronic 
Access
Eﬃcient A/C
Recycled Boxes 
Green Energy 
Procurement
Oﬃce RefreshCommunity
Fundraising
Energy Eﬃciency: We are installing LED lighting in 
all company stores and replacing aged water heaters 
with more modern energy eﬃcient appliances.Net zero emissions
by 20301Waste Management & Recycling: At least
85% recycled material in boxes.
Community Engagement: Identifying charitable 
partners that minimise waste and give back to 
community, such as Good 360.Water Recycling: Rainwater catchment for use as 
irrigation and low ﬂow tap ﬁttings standard on new 
developments.
Carbon Reduction : Solar expanded to 76 stores 
with installed capacity of 1,900 kW.
Retail Refresh: We are investigating the use of 
recycled materials in creating our modern customer 
centric retail space in our new developments and 
store acquisitionsCustomer Experience: Digital sign-in process and 
access solutions. Advanced CCTV security and 
smart technology.Key achievements FY24
• Six new and two expanded Solar Photovoltaic installations 
totalling 281 kW on existing facilities completed during 
the year
• LED Lighting upgrades
• Expanded Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) trial 
project at two stores
Self Storage as an asset class
Self Storage facilities, as an asset class, offer inherent 
advantages in terms of energy efficiency compared 
to many other real estate classes. Research and 
industry studies have consistently demonstrated 
that Self Storage facilities have relatively low energy 
consumption when compared other real estate sectors 
such as Office, Retail, Industrial and Data Centres.Unlike buildings that require continuous heating, cooling, or 
extensive lighting for occupants or merchandise, Self Storage 
units generally operate in a manner that minimises energy 
demand. The predominantly passive and unoccupied nature 
of Self Storage spaces, coupled with efficient insulation and 
design practices, contribute to reduced energy requirements.
Additionally, the absence of extensive mechanical systems 
and the limited need for active climate control further 
contribute to the low energy intensity of Self Storage assets.
Energy and emissions
Solar
We continue to invest in behind the meter rooftop solar 
to offset store consumption, committing to an additional 
281 kW of installed capacity in the last 12 months. As 
part of our commitment to net zero by 2030 we have 
further investments planned across the network.
Stores with rooftop solar PV installations and installed capacity1
202032615
2024761,900
2023701,619
2022501,174
2021441,034
02004006008001,0001,2001,4001,6001,8002,000
01020304050607080Stores with solarSolar capacity (kW)
Note:
1. For an explanation of installed capacity and its relationship to expected energy production please refer to the data pack.
Note:
1. Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions for ASK owned stores assuming access to green power remaining a feasible option, if required.
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
27 26
ABACUS STORAGE KING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024 27 26
01CONNECT TO PEOPLE
03COMMIT TO DO THE RIGHT THING02CARE FOR THE PLANETCARE FOR THE PLANET0201CONNECT TO PEOPLE
03COMMIT TO DO THE RIGHT THING