=== Table 1 (page 28) ===
Minimising our,,
carbon impact,,
Net zero,99%,97.6%
Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions 1,of the electricity ASX purchased to,e-waste diverted from landfill
(after purchase and surrender of offsets),operate its buildings is via the Australian,(see page 45 for more detail)
,Government’s accredited renewable,
,electricity product GreenPower,

=== Table 2 (page 28) ===
1.  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market-based
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for:
a.  Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government);
b. Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional
governments over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c.  Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and
d. Accredited GreenPower. An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has
"been consumed. Where LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity."

=== Table 3 (page 31) ===
,Addressing climate change
,
Climate Change,It is important that our response to climate change is aligned with our values as an organisation.
,"While we do not believe ASX has material direct exposure from climate change, we strive to"
Statement,adhere to best practice and be an example for issuers.
,"As the premier securities and derivatives market operator in Australia, we seek to lead by"
Our approach to climate,
,example by supporting sustainability in our business and operations. We recognise we have
change brings together,
,"a part to play in reducing carbon emissions, and have achieved net zero for our Scope 1 and"
our commitment to being,Scope 2 emissions (Net zero Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of
,offsets in FY25).1
a responsible corporate,
"citizen, our role in supporting",Our approach to climate change focuses on what ASX can do to:
Australia’s transition to a,a.  Minimise the impact of our operations on the environment and carbon footprint;
"lower carbon economy, and","b.  Encourage consistent, comparable, and reliable climate change-related reporting and"
,disclosure (by offering issuer education); and
"our role as market operator,",
,c.  Support Australia’s transition to a lower carbon economy by offering products and
to encourage transparency,
,"services that enhance decision-making, manage risk and meet the growing demand for"
from issuers.,
,"environmental, social and governance (ESG) investments."

=== Table 4 (page 31) ===
1.  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market-based
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for:
a.  Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government);
b.  Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional
governments over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c.  Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and
d. Accredited GreenPower. An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has
"been consumed. Where LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity."

=== Table 5 (page 35) ===
"energy transition, by providing products, connectivity, liquidity, data and price transparency.",,
Table 3: Summary of transition opportunities,,
Transition,,
opportunities1,Opportunities identified,
Products,Increased demand for sustainability-,"Increasing ASX’s offering of sustainability-linked products (for example,"
and services,linked investments across various asset,environmental futures) may benefit ASX’s financial performance through
,"classes, products and services",additional revenue.
,Changes in Australia’s electricity,Changes to Australia’s electricity infrastructure may lead to increased
,generation infrastructure,demand for ASX’s environmental derivatives which may benefit ASX’s
,,financial performance.
Reputation,Climate change leadership in,Showing leadership by achieving ASX’s net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions
,own operations and memberships,target (Net zero Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender
,,of offsets) and continually evolving ASX’s own climate change reporting
,,"may enhance ASX’s reputation, supporting its ability to attract investors and"
,,"employees, as well as meeting customers’ expectations."
Resilience,Encourage climate change,Encouraging listed companies and customers to adopt appropriate
,reporting within listed market,climate change reporting may increase the attractiveness of the Australian
,,listed market and in doing so may support ASX’s financial performance
,,"through increased trading, clearing and settlement fees, and ability"
,,to attract listings.
Energy source,Use of lower emissions energy,Using 100% renewable electricity may reduce ASX’s exposure to possible
,,future fossil fuel price increases or emissions taxes.
1.  Reflects FY21 analysis.,,

=== Table 6 (page 35) ===
Metrics and targets for FY25,,
,Pathway to achieving Net zero Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions 1 (Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of offsets in FY25),
ASX remains committed to supporting corporate Australia in achieving its sustainability goals and looks to lead by example.,,
Energy and emissions,,
a.,100% renewable electricity was sourced where ASX has the right to select the electricity product or,
,retailer under the terms of the lease agreement for facilities where ASX has operational control. Over,
,99% of the electricity ASX purchased in FY25 to operate its buildings is via the Australian Government’s,
,,
,accredited renewable electricity product GreenPower purchased through our electricity retailer.,Net
b.,"In FY25, we achieved a 100% reduction in total Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based emissions (Net zero",
,Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of offsets) against an FY21 baseline. Our,
,reductions are a result of improving energy efficiency across our operations and sourcing renewable,Zero
,,
,energy. We offset our remaining emissions with Indigenous-based carbon offset projects that aim to,
,"provide social, cultural, environmental, and economic benefits for Traditional Landowners.",
,,Total Scope 1 & Scope 2
,,emissions after purchase
"c.  ASX’s gross emissions reduced by 3% in FY25 for Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions compared",,
,to our FY21 base year.,and surrender of offsets
,,in FY25 1
d.  For FY25:,,
,"i.  Scope 1 emissions were up 9% (3 t CO2-e) in FY25 compared to the previous year, partly due",
,to an increase in gas consumption used in climate control equipment in the data centre.,
,"ii. Scope 2 emissions were up 6% (3t CO2-e) in FY25 compared to the previous year, due to growth",
,of business operations.,
,iii. The impact of our reported Scope 3 underlying activities (which are a subset of all Scope 3,
,"emissions), when aggregated, has resulted in a similiar total emissions figure as the previous year.",

=== Table 7 (page 35) ===
1.  Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market- based
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for:
a.  Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government);
b.  Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional governments
over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c.  Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and
d. Accredited GreenPower.
An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has been consumed. Where
"LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity."

=== Table 8 (page 36) ===
,ASX emissions data provided below relates to the financial year ended 30 June 2025. Scope 1 and Scope 2 data is reported on an operational,
control basis and Scope 3 data on a financial control basis. Data is presented to the nearest significant figure.,,
FY25 environmental outcomes,,
Market-based GHG emissions (t CO2-e),FY25,FY24
Scope 1 – diesel and gas,37,34
Scope 2 – electricity 1,60,53
Total Scope 1 & 2,97,87
Carbon offsets retired 2,97,—
Net GHG Emissions,—,87
Market-based GHG emissions by activity (t CO2-e),,
Scope 1,,
> Combustion of diesel and gas,37,34
Scope 2,,
> Electricity (data centre customers) 1,—,—
> Electricity (ASX direct usage) 1,60,53
Scope 3,,
> Travel (business travel and commuting),"1,319","1,319"
> Electricity usage (third party data centres),"1,592","1,478"
> Electricity usage (data centre customers and ASX direct usage) 1,8,7

=== Table 9 (page 37) ===
Location-based GHG emissions (t CO2-e),FY25,FY24
Scope 1 – diesel and gas,37,34
Scope 2 – electricity,"11,803","12,831"
Total Scope 1 & 2,"11,840","12,865"
Location-based GHG emissions by activity (t CO2-e),,
Scope 1,,
> Combustion of diesel and gas,37,34
Scope 2,,
> Electricity (data centre customers),"8,677","9,218"
> Electricity (ASX direct usage),"3,126","3,613"
Scope 3,,
> Travel (business travel and commuting),"1,319","1,319"
> Electricity usage (third party data centres),"1,483","1,459"
> Electricity usage (data centre customers and ASX direct usage),"1,252","1,230"
> Paper usage (office),7,6
> Paper usage (CHESS statements and notifications),212,211

=== Table 10 (page 38) ===
,"the Environment and Water), the most recent greenhouse gas reporting: conversion factors (Department for Energy Security & Net Zero (UK))",
,"released as at the end of the reporting period, the most recent factors within the International Energy Agency Emissions Factors database released",
,"as at the end of the reporting period, and NABERS energy rating information available at the end of the reporting period.",
Scope,Inclusions,Consumption method of calculation
Scope 1,"All natural gas and diesel consumption, including for onsite electricity",In order of priority:
,"generation systems, at ASX facilities (those facilities under the",
,,> Third party invoice information/delivery records; and
,operational control of ASX).,
,,"> Onsite meter readings, or"
,,> Estimates based on recent third party record
,,(where such records have not yet been provided to
,,cover the full reporting period).
Scope 2,Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are,In order of priority:
,calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase,
,,> Third party invoice records;
,and surrender of offsets) using both a market-based and location-,
,,> Onsite meter readings; and
,based approach.,
,,> Estimates based on available National Australian Built
,Within the market-based calculation an emission factor of zero is,
,,Environment Rating System information for leased facilities.
,applied at a facility level for:,
,a.  Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large-scale,
,renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy,
,Target Scheme of the Australian Government);,
,b. Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation,
,Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by,
,third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional governments,
,over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);,
,c.  Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and,
,d. Accredited GreenPower.,
,An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of,
,market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active,
,certified carbon neutral electricity has been consumed. LGCs are,
,"generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-",
,renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-,
,supplied electricity.,
,Scope 2 emissions – location based,
,Location-based emissions from purchased electricity calculated,
,using state-based factors.,
Scope 3,"Includes emissions from business travel, commuting and",Business travel and commuting based on total kilometres
,paper usage.,travelled sourced from travel provider reports or average
,,commuting distance based on employee home location

=== Table 11 (page 50) ===
Subject Matter Information,
Market-based GHG emissions (t CO2-e),
Scope 1 – diesel and gas,37
Scope 2 – electricity,60
Market-based GHG emissions by activity (t CO2-e),
Scope 3 – electricity usage (third party data centres),"1,592"
Scope 3 – electricity usage (Data centre customers and ASX direct usage),8
Location-based GHG emissions (t CO2-e),
Scope 2 – electricity,"11,803"