=== Page 27 ===
Sustainable 
ASXSustainable 
marketplace 
Secure and resilient technology
> Maintain fair and effective clearing 
and settlement facilities
> Maintain fair, orderly and transparent 
market facilities
> Data and cyber security defencesFair, transparent and effective markets 
> Fair access, transparency and 
equal opportunity
 >Rigorous market oversight mechanisms
Minimising our carbon impact 
 >Net zero Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions  
(after purchase and surrender of offsets)Supporting sustainability efforts 
 >Support the listing and trading of sustainable 
assets to support the transition to net zero
Fostering a healthy and  
inclusive workplace 
 >Foster a culture of equity, inclusivity 
and respect as an imperative for 
long term sustainabilityDesigning products that  
navigate sustainability complexity 
 >Support our customers as they 
manage their own sustainability risks, 
opportunities and programs
Embedding resilient and responsible 
business practices 
 >Build and maintain robust risk management 
and governance processes and policies 
that integrate sustainability factors
Building sustainability knowledge  
and capacity in market 
 >Be a trusted resource for timely and  
relevant information on emerging  
ESG standardsAnnual Report 2025 25

=== Page 28 ===
HighlightsFY25 sustainability
Minimising our 
carbon impact
97.6%
e-waste diverted from landfill  
(see page 45 for more detail)Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions 1  
(after purchase and surrender of offsets)Net zero
of the electricity ASX purchased to 
operate its buildings is via the Australian 
Government’s accredited renewable 
electricity product GreenPower99%
Fostering a healthy and 
inclusive workplace
84%
of employees say they have the 
flexibility they need to manage caring 
and other responsibilitiesemployee  
engagement score62%
of employees agree the  
work we do at ASX is important93%
Building knowledge  
and capacity in market
1,500
Australian schools participated  
in ASX Sharemarket Gamepeople attended educational 
ASX Investor Days2,500 +
of running schools-based virtual 
ASX Sharemarket Game26 years
1. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market-based 
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for: 
a. Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government); 
b. Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional 
governments over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c. Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and 
d. Accredited GreenPower. An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has 
been consumed. Where LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity.26ASX Limited | Sustainability report

=== Page 31 ===
Minimising our   
carbon impact
Addressing climate change
It is important that our response to climate change is aligned with our values as an organisation. 
While we do not believe ASX has material direct exposure from climate change, we strive to 
adhere to best practice and be an example for issuers.
As the premier securities and derivatives market operator in Australia, we seek to lead by 
example by supporting sustainability in our business and operations. We recognise we have 
a part to play in reducing carbon emissions, and have achieved net zero for our Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions (Net zero Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of 
offsets in FY25).1
Our approach to climate change focuses on what ASX can do to:
a. Minimise the impact of our operations on the environment and carbon footprint;
b. Encourage consistent, comparable, and reliable climate change-related reporting and 
disclosure (by offering issuer education); and
c. Support Australia’s transition to a lower carbon economy by offering products and 
services that enhance decision-making, manage risk and meet the growing demand for 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) investments.Climate Change 
Statement
Our approach to climate 
change brings together 
our commitment to being 
a responsible corporate 
citizen, our role in supporting 
Australia’s transition to a 
lower carbon economy, and 
our role as market operator, 
to encourage transparency 
from issuers.
ASX aims to deliver 
trusted, resilient financial 
markets infrastructure 
and services.Sustainable  
ASX
1. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market-based 
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for: 
a. Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government); 
b. Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional 
governments over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c. Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and 
d. Accredited GreenPower. An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has 
been consumed. Where LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity.Annual Report 2025 29

=== Page 35 ===
Transition opportunities
ASX continues to develop new products and services that support the transition to a lower carbon, climate-resilient economy. While the majority 
of opportunities identified were assessed to be more beneficial under the Low Emissions scenario, they have the potential to deliver financial and 
strategic benefits to ASX under both a Low and High Emissions scenario.
ASX has identified several transition opportunities. As an exchange we have an important role to play in supporting sustainability, including the 
energy transition, by providing products, connectivity, liquidity, data and price transparency.
Table 3: Summary of transition opportunities
Transition 
opportunities1Opportunities identified
Products  
and servicesIncreased demand for sustainability-
linked investments across various asset 
classes, products and servicesIncreasing ASX’s offering of sustainability-linked products (for example, 
environmental futures) may benefit ASX’s financial performance through 
additional revenue. 
Changes in Australia’s electricity 
generation infrastructureChanges to Australia’s electricity infrastructure may lead to increased 
demand for ASX’s environmental derivatives which may benefit ASX’s 
financial performance.
Reputation Climate change leadership in 
own operations and membershipsShowing leadership by achieving ASX’s net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
target (Net zero Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender 
of offsets) and continually evolving ASX’s own climate change reporting 
may enhance ASX’s reputation, supporting its ability to attract investors and 
employees, as well as meeting customers’ expectations.
Resilience Encourage climate change 
reporting within listed marketEncouraging listed companies and customers to adopt appropriate 
climate change reporting may increase the attractiveness of the Australian 
listed market and in doing so may support ASX’s financial performance 
through increased trading, clearing and settlement fees, and ability 
to attract listings.
Energy source Use of lower emissions energy Using 100% renewable electricity may reduce ASX’s exposure to possible 
future fossil fuel price increases or emissions taxes.
1. Reflects FY21 analysis.
Metrics and targets for FY25
Pathway to achieving Net zero Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions 1 (Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of offsets in FY25)
ASX remains committed to supporting corporate Australia in achieving its sustainability goals and looks to lead by example. Sustainable  
ASX
1. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for electricity consumed by ASX facilities are calculated and reported on a gross basis (excluding the purchase and surrender of offsets) using a market- based 
approach. Within this calculation an emission factor of zero is applied for:
a. Mandatory grid renewables (for example through the large- scale renewable energy target (LRET) under the Renewable Energy Target Scheme of the Australian Government);
b. Offsite and onsite renewables where Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) have been retired directly or indirectly by third party providers of electricity or by jurisdictional governments 
over and above those required by the LRET (or equivalent);
c. Onsite renewables where LGCs are not generated; and
d. Accredited GreenPower.
 An emission factor of zero is also applied for the calculation of market-based Scope 2 and 3 emissions where Climate Active certified carbon neutral electricity has been consumed. Where 
LGCs are generated and sold (not retired), this electricity is treated as non-renewable electricity with equivalent emissions factors as grid-supplied electricity.Energy and emissions
a. 100% renewable electricity was sourced where ASX has the right to select the electricity product or 
retailer under the terms of the lease agreement for facilities where ASX has operational control. Over 
99% of the electricity ASX purchased in FY25 to operate its buildings is via the Australian Government’s 
accredited renewable electricity product GreenPower purchased through our electricity retailer.
b. In FY25, we achieved a 100% reduction in total Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based emissions (Net zero 
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions after purchase and surrender of offsets) against an FY21 baseline. Our 
reductions are a result of improving energy efficiency across our operations and sourcing renewable 
energy. We offset our remaining emissions with Indigenous-based carbon offset projects that aim to 
provide social, cultural, environmental, and economic benefits for Traditional Landowners.
c. ASX’s gross emissions reduced by 3% in FY25 for Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions compared 
to our FY21 base year .
d. For FY25:
i. Scope 1 emissions were up 9% (3 t CO2-e) in FY25 compared to the previous year, partly due 
to an increase in gas consumption used in climate control equipment in the data centre.
ii. Scope 2 emissions were up 6% (3t CO2-e) in FY25 compared to the previous year, due to growth 
of business operations. 
iii. The impact of our reported Scope 3 underlying activities (which are a subset of all Scope 3 
emissions), when aggregated, has resulted in a similiar total emissions figure as the previous year. Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 
emissions after purchase 
and surrender of offsets 
in FY25 1Net 
ZeroAnnual Report 2025 33

=== Page 36 ===
Targets and metrics
Emissions data
ASX Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions data, which are mostly related to energy use, is primarily collected from supplier invoices and reports. 
Reported Scope 3 data is primarily sourced from supplier reports.
PWC provides review and limited assurance regarding the Scope 1 and Scope 2 data published in this report.
ASX emissions data provided below relates to the financial year ended 30 June 2025. Scope 1 and Scope 2 data is reported on an operational 
control basis and Scope 3 data on a financial control basis. Data is presented to the nearest significant figure.
FY25 environmental outcomes
Market-based GHG emissions (t CO2-e) FY25 FY24
Scope 1 – diesel and gas 37 34
Scope 2 – electricity 160 53
Total Scope 1 & 2 97 87
Carbon offsets retired 297 —
Net GHG Emissions — 87
Market-based GHG emissions by activity (t CO2-e) 
Scope 1 
 >Combustion of diesel and gas 37 34
Scope 2
 >Electricity (data centre customers) 1— —
 >Electricity (ASX direct usage) 160 53
Scope 3
 >Travel (business travel and commuting) 1,319 1,319
 >Electricity usage (third party data centres) 1,592 1,478
 >Electricity usage (data centre customers and ASX direct usage) 18 7
 >Paper usage (office) — —
 >Paper usage (CHESS statements and notifications) — —
Paper use (tonnes)
 >Office use 3.1 2.8
 >CHESS statements and notifications 393 92
Energy consumption (GJ)
 >Electricity 64,441 63,328
 >Natural Gas 225 140
 >Diesel 351 366
1. Over 99% of the electricity ASX purchased in FY25 is via the Australian Government's accredited renewable electricity product GreenPower which matches ASX’s electricity use with renewable 
electricity sources (such as solar, wind or biomass).
2. The carbon credits retired are eligible offset units under the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard; they were 100% Indigenous ACCUs for our FY25 period. Each carbon offset unit reflects a 
tonne of emissions avoided, captured or removed from the atmosphere.
3. FY24 CHESS statement and notification usage has been restated to correct an identified calculation error.Minimising our carbon impact continued34ASX Limited | Sustainability report