=== Table 1 (page 5) ===
Our Strategic Sustainability Pillars,,,
TOPIC,SUMMARY,MEASURE,RESULT
,Rising greenhouse gas emissions since the Industrial Revolution have led to ocean warming and acidification,"Kilograms of Co2 equivalent,",
,,,
,"- both of which pose serious threats to marine life, including the oysters we rely on.",scope 1 and 2 emissions per,9.65kg / pearl
EMISSIONS,"At Atlas Pearls, we recognise our responsibility to monitor and manage our environmental footprint. We will",pearl harvested and avgerage,
,"report our Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a 12-month rolling basis, using normalised per pearl harvested to","oyster stock, 6m historic",1.25kg / oyster
,account for the seasonal nature of our operations.,average.,
,Protecting the pristine environments where we operate is crucial to preserving the marine ecosystems on,,
,which our business depends.,,
,"In remote areas with limited infrastructure, waste management is challenging. Our strategy focuses on",KPI to be launched,KPI to be launched
WASTE,,,
,"reducing waste at the source, with a strong emphasis on reuse and recycling wherever possible.",in August 2025,in August 2025
,"We’ve recently standardised recycling and reuse procedures across all sites and, starting with FY2025, will",,
,provide detailed reporting on waste categorisation and outcomes.,,
,"Equality of opportunity is a core aspect of our sustainability agenda. Atlas Pearls employs nearly 1,000 people,",,
,,Mean and median gender pay,
,"with a workforce of 30% women and 70% men, plus around 200 casual workers across our operations.",,
,,ratio of male to female for all,
,,,
GENDER,"We believe in supporting the best person for each role, regardless of gender or background, to build a high-",,-30% MEAN
,,Atlas Pearls locations. Based on,
EQUALITY,"performing, inclusive business.",,
,,,
,,staff employed at 31 December,-10% MEDIAN
,"Our gender pay analysis, conducted across all operating countries, reveals a negative gender pay gap -",,
,,2024.,
,"meaning, on average, women at Atlas Pearls earn more than men, based on both mean and median figures.",,
,The physical and mental wellbeing of our staff and local communities is essential to our shared success.,,
,,Atlas funded healthcare,
,"Access to healthcare in these remote locations can be limited, and important health issues - particularly those",,
,,interactions (including,
,,,
COMMUNITY,affecting women - are often under-addressed or remain taboo.,,"1,406"
,,"education, prevention and",
HEALTH,"To help close this gap, we operate our own on-site health clinic and have partnered with charitable",,
,,"treatment), preceding 6",PAST 6 MONTHS
,"organisations specialising in women’s health. Together, we are working to improve health outcomes, raise",,
,,months total.,
,"awareness, and provide much-needed support where it’s needed most.",,
,,Students sponsored to attend,
,Atlas Pearls supports youth education and empowerment in remote Indonesian communities by providing,,
,,,
,,school during the year.,202 | 142
EDUCATION,"school scholarships and free English lessons. These initiatives help break down barriers to education, offering",,
,,Number of students receiving,
,children the opportunity to improve their future prospects through learning and skill development.,,PAST 6 MONTHS
,,English lessons,
,"Atlas Pearls is often the sole formal employer in remote Indonesian regions, where we operate, creating",,
,meaningful jobs and directly contributing to local economic development.,,
,,$ and % of total spend with,
,,,
ECONOMIC,"We prioritise local procurement to support domestic businesses, boost regional economies, and strengthen",,$1.23m | 70%
,,local vendors in provinces we,
EMPOWERMENT,community resilience.,,
,,operate.,PAST 12 MONTHS
,"We support local communities with capital, mentorship, and business guidance to help build stronger, self-",,
,sufficient communities.,,

=== Table 2 (page 7) ===
"Rising greenhouse gas emissions contribute to ocean warming and acidification, directly",Preserving our marine ecosystems requires robust waste management - especially in remote
threatening oyster health and pearl quality. We acknowledge our responsibility in addressing,regions where formal infrastructure is limited.
this global issue.,
"We report Scope 1 & 2 emissions per pearl harvested, using a 6-month historic rolling basis to 
•","In H1 FY2025, we collected over 702 kg of 
Our strategy is built around three core principles:"
account for seasonal harvest variations.,"marine debris, primarily plastic waste."
,Reduction - Minimising waste generation at the
"• 
Our main energy use stems from:","We run weekly small-scale beach cleans, and"
,"source. Reuse - Giving materials a second life,"
"• 
Marine vessels used for tending oysters",organize larger community events following
,wherever possible. Recycling - Turning waste into
"• 
Land-based facilities, often powered by local generators in remote areas",storms or high ocean currents.
,new resources to prevent environmental impact.
"• 
Energy use is driven by both operational needs and grid access limitations",These efforts not only protect our environments
,Protecting the pristine environments where we
,but also raise community awareness and
We continue to explore and invest in lower-emission alternatives and operational efficiencies.,operate is vital to our long-term sustainability.
,engagement.
This includes:,"Managing waste in remote, infrastructure-limited"
"• 
Leveraging economies of scale to reduce overall fuel usage",areas presents unique challenges - but also
"• 
Optimising fleet logistics to minimise travel distances and idle times",
,"opportunities to innovate.
Impact Project:  Reuse & Recycle"
"• 
Deploying vessels that are 30% lighter, resulting in significant fuel savings",
,The Gudang Ibu Yunus initiative transforms
,"Our waste strategy centres on reduction, reuse,"
"Improving fuel-use efficiency across our operations
•","plastic waste into durable, useful products -"
,and recycling wherever possible.
These efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to reducing our carbon footprint while maintaining,turning a local challenge into an opportunity.
,"• 
In FY2025, we standardised waste and"
operational excellence.,"recycling procedures across all sites.
• 
Using a shredder and extruder, the team"
,"• 
We’ve implemented a site-level weighing 
repurposes HDPE plastic into planks."
,"and categorisation system, enabling 
• 
Each plank removes ~3 kg of waste,"
,"detailed data collection on waste types, 
or about 50 plastic bottles, from the"
Emissions per 2g of final product*,
,"volumes, and disposal methods.
environment."
114kg,
(kgco2-e),
,"• 
From FY2025 onward, we will publish 
• 
These are used to create furniture,"
80kg,
,"comprehensive waste data, improving 
construction materials, and more."
56kg,
,transparency and accountability.
,The program supports environmental goals and
10kg,
,"creates local economic opportunity, contributing"
,Much of our waste is repurposed rather than
,to a circular economy.
"Gold
Platinum
Diamond
Pearl",discarded. For example:
,"• 
Old oyster panels are donated to local"
,fishermen for practical reuse.
,"• 
We also process marine debris collected"
"Energy consumption by site (MJ) 
Fuel per pearl (liters)",
,through our beach clean initiatives - even
"(6m to 31 Dec)
(Annual fuel purchases / pearls harvested)",
,though this waste doesn’t originate from
"0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70",
,our operations.
Alor,
5,"• 
These efforts not only reduce environmental"
Alyui,
,impact but also support surrounding
4,
BanyBiru,
,"communities, fostering a culture of shared"
3,
,responsibility and circularity.
KM Sahabat,
2,