=== Page 63 ===
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 20254. ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)
4.1  CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS 
AND OPPORTUNITIES (CONTINUED)
Of the five climate-related opportunities, three opportunities 
noted below are not anticipated to be material to AUB in the 
short term; however, they may have a greater impact over 
the medium to long term. The anticipated impacts on the 
business will continue to be monitored. 
 –Greater public climate risk discussion has led to an 
increasing awareness of climate-related risks. This in 
turn has decreased risk appetite which directly correlates 
to increased demand for AUB’s services, which may 
result in increased sales over the medium to long term, 
as climate change becomes more widely discussed. 
 –AUB could invest in product innovation and risk 
mitigation tools to position itself as a leader in offering 
tailored coverage to meet emerging market demands 
relating to climate-related changes. This could present 
an opportunity for AUB to capture new business 
opportunities over the medium to long term, resulting 
in a larger customer base and generating increased 
revenue. 
 –AUB could establish a MGA dedicated to climate-focused 
insurance products, providing tailored solutions to 
address the evolving needs of clients facing climate-
related risks. Over the medium to long term, this could 
lead to an increase of AUB’s client base and diversify 
revenue streams.
The remaining opportunities were not deemed to be material 
to AUB over any time horizon due to:
 –AUB not being a high emitter, so any cost savings linked 
to energy and resource efficiency is not deemed to be 
material. 
 –The benefits in changing the disposal methods for 
hardware and e-waste is minimal to AUB. 
Carbon emissions
AUB Group’s emissions reporting covers ours and our 
partners’ tenanted offices, car fleets and business flights. 
Our primary measures of these activities are scope 1, 2 and 
3 emissions.
 –Scope 1 emissions relate to emissions from our car 
fleets.
 –Scope 2 emissions relate to energy we purchase from 
the electricity grid.
 –Scope 3 emissions are the result of activities not directly 
controlled by the Group and consists of activities in 
our supply chain. This includes customers exposed to 
industries considered heavy polluters such as mining, 
business travel, and servers for software as a service.We have reported on scope 1 and 2 emissions for a number 
of years, with scope 3 emissions related to business 
flights since FY23. In FY26 we will conduct a quantitative 
assessment of all scope 3 exposures and work towards 
more comprehensive reporting in the future.
AUB’s net zero commitment by 2050 for head office relates 
to carbon dioxide and includes scope 3 emissions. AUB’s 
decarbonisation target was not derived using a sectoral 
decarbonisation approach.
AUB does not employ an internal carbon pricing strategy as 
our emission intensity is not significant, and employing such 
a strategy would not have a material impact on decision 
making.
4.2 CARBON MEASUREMENT
AUB’s assumptions and methodologies for deriving carbon 
emissions are as follows.
Fuel usage - scope 1
Activity logs detailing distance travelled, fuel cards and vehicle 
model data are used in combination with National Greenhouse 
and Energy Reporting Scheme (NGER) (or equivalent outside 
of Australia) data on emissions factors to determine total 
emissions. 
Electricity (scope 2)
Typically, electricity suppliers will provide data on emissions 
based on actual usage. Where direct supplier data is 
not available, electricity consumption, NGER data (or an 
equivalent outside of Australia) on the state electricity mix 
and emission factor are used to calculate total emissions. 
Where consumption data is not available, we employ an 
equivalent floor space model. 
Natural gas (scope 2)
Measured natural gas consumption and invoice data are 
used to calculate carbon emissions where available. As 
a limited number of sites use natural gas, no additional 
estimations are undertaken.
Air travel (scope 3)
Where available, emissions data supplied by the airline 
provider is utilised. Where such data is unavailable, 
emissions on a comparable flight and class is used to 
determine the emissions.
AUB GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2025
61

=== Page 64 ===
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 20254. ENVIRONMENT (CONTINUED)
4.2 CARBON MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)
Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Our scope 1 and 2 emissions are presented below:
Our gross scope 1 and scope 2 emissions are shown below.
02004006008001,00 01,20 01,40 01,60 01,80 0
Reporting period 25 Reporting period 24Scope 1 - Diesel & Petrol
Combustion and Natural Gas 
via PipelineScope 2 - Electricity from
National GridTotalScope 1 and 2 Emissions  Tonnes CO2-e
 
AUB operates a 3/2 work from home program for our North Sydney head office, where employees of AUB Group and our 
agencies work from home up to three days a week. This has allowed our staff greater flexibility and control over their working 
hours and reduced our office space needs. We have sub-let or surrendered a number of offices.
Scope 3 emissions and carbon offsets
AUB head office entities and Tysers use carbon offsetting programs, offsetting a majority of scope 3 emissions from business 
flights. Tysers began carbon offsetting in July 2022 and AUB head office entities from October 2022. 
2025
Scope 3 
emissions2025
Total 
emissions 
offset2024
Scope 3 
emissions2024
Total 
emissions 
offset
tCO2 from business flights – AUB Group 5,787 3,882 5,164 4,070
AUB partners with Tasman Environmental Markets to invest in Australian based offset projects. Blue Halo climate action 
technology is utilised to accurately calculate the emissions and offsetting value for AUB’s business travel to allow offsets 
to be purchased. 
Tysers partner with Trees4Travel, a hybrid nature/technology offset program. Trees are planted to support developing 
communities, biodiversity and repairing damage to our planet. Technology-based carbon credits are purchased through 
investments into United Nations Certified Reduction (CER) programs. 
AUB GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2025
62