=== Table 1 (page 11) ===
,SUSTAINABILITY REPORT,,
for the year ended 29 June 2025,,,
ENVIRONMENT,,,
,Accent Group is committed to managing and reducing our environmental footprint. We recognise our corporate,,
,responsibility to divert waste from landfill through recycling and repurposing initiatives. Our environmental framework,,
,"focuses on reducing and reusing resources, including sustainable products as part of our ranges, and preparing for",,
,climate-related financial disclosures. These initiatives continue to evolve to strengthen sustainability across our,,
operations.,,,
,"Australia imports over 25 million pairs of sports shoes annually, with only around 1% estimated to be recycled. These",,
,"shoes can take up to 1,000 years to decompose in landfill. To address this challenge, selected Accent Group banners",,
,have partnered with the Australian Sporting Goods Association (ASGA) to support TreadLightly—a nationwide program,,
,"dedicated to recycling and reusing unwanted lifestyle footwear. Collected shoes are processed into crumb material,",,
,"which is repurposed into gym mats, playground surfaces, and flooring.",,
,WE HAVE,WE HAVE,IN FY25 ACCENT
,COLLECTED,RECYCLED,GROUP HAD
,"70,121","105,296",370
,KGS OF,PAIRS OF SHOES,ACTIVE
,FOOTWEAR,IN FY25,COLLECTION
,IN FY25,,LOCATIONS
,"Customers can access convenient recycling drop-off points at The Athlete’s Foot and selected Hype DC, Platypus and",,
,"Merrell locations, helping to create a circular economy for footwear.",,
Sustainable Packaging,,,
,"Accent Group continues to be a member of the Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation (APCO), supporting",,
,"national initiatives to reduce environmental impact through recycling, product stewardship, and sustainable packaging",,
,"design. As part of our commitment, we prepare and publish an annual APCO Performance Summary and Action Report,",,
,outlining our progress and goals in sustainable packaging.,,
Recycle,,,
,"To strengthen sustainability, team members across our business divisions complete interactive recycling training, and",,
,waste separation is monitored through the “Backroom Blitz” program. Operational changes—such as consolidated,,
,"deliveries, cardboard reuse, and reduced paper receipts—further reduce waste.",,
Sustainable Product,,,
,"Accent Group acknowledges the availability of eco-friendly products within our diverse range, primarily through",,
,offerings from our distribution brand partners and some of our own Accent-owned brands. While these products are,,
,"not the primary focus of our sourcing, we recognise their importance to customers seeking environmentally conscious",,
,options. We remain attentive to sustainability trends and continue to support responsible practices throughout our,,
,operations and partnerships to contribute to a more sustainable marketplace.,,
CLIMATE,,,
,Accent Group remains committed to addressing the risks and opportunities associated with climate change. We,,
,"recognise the importance of understanding, measuring, and reducing our environmental impact, and continue to",,
,strengthen our response in line with evolving climate-related financial disclosure frameworks and accounting standards.,,
,"Building on previous work with industry experts, we have maintained our measurement of Scope 1 and Scope 2",,
,"greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This detailed inventory of our direct emissions continues to inform our strategy, with",,
,"electricity usage across our retail stores, offices, and distribution centres remaining the primary source of our direct",,
emissions.,,,
,"During the year, we used a reporting platform to improve the accuracy and management of our Scope 2 emissions",,
,data. This platform has enhanced our ability to track emissions performance and supports greater transparency and,,
accountability.,,,
,"In preparation for future reporting requirements, we have also commenced planning to identify and assess our Scope 3",,
,"emissions, which include indirect impacts across our value chain. This work involves evaluating available data sources,",,
,"engaging with suppliers, and building internal capability to ensure readiness for more comprehensive emissions",,
reporting.,,,
,"Oversight of our environmental initiatives is led by the Group Chief Financial & Operating Officer, who reports to the",,
,Accent Group Audit and Risk Committee and ultimately the Accent Board. This governance structure ensures climate-,,
,related matters remain an integral part of our strategic and operational decision-making.,,
"Accent Group Limited
8",,,