=== Page 5 ===
Managing Director & CEO’s Report
Dear fellow shareholders
I begin my report with safety. In December 
2024, we were deeply saddened by the loss of 
Troy Ernst, a highly-respected member of the 
New South Wales Coal team. Troy was killed 
in a road accident in the Hunter Valley when 
the Aurizon car in which he was travelling 
was struck by a truck. Aurizon and work 
colleagues have extended support for Troy’s 
family during this very difficult time.
In respect to operational safety in the 
business, Aurizon continues to use two 
primary safety metrics: Total Recordable 
Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) and Serious 
Injury and Fatality Frequency Rate (SIFR). 
Performance against both measures saw a 
slight deterioration during the year. These 
results reinforce the ongoing need for focus 
in effectively managing critical risks in our 
workplaces, supported by a range of initiatives 
to enhance safety performance and health 
and wellbeing for our employees.
During the year, Aurizon continued its 
education and awareness campaign, Respect 
the sign. Lives are on the line. as we work to 
improve level crossing safety for our traincrew, 
motorists, and pedestrians. We have reached 
out to regional communities across Australia 
where our trains operate to urge responsible 
driving behaviour around level crossings. 
Social media for the campaign alone has 
reached around five million Australians, but 
equally our local teams have presented to 
more than 10,000 students in schools near 
rail corridors. I thank our employees for their 
outstanding work in engaging with young 
people in their local communities on this 
important safety message. Unfortunately 
level crossing incidents continue to be far 
too frequent, causing trauma to motorists, 
our traincrew, and the community. The 
rail industry, governments, and road user 
organisations are committed to continued 
education, together with ongoing investment 
and enforcement initiatives.
In his report, the Chairman outlines the 
Company’s financial outcomes during 
FY2025 with Underlying Earnings Before 
Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation 
(EBITDA) of $1,576 million. This is below our 
expectations and reflects mixed results in the 
Company. This includes lower tonnages and 
an increase in doubtful debt provisions in the 
Bulk business, together with the deferral of 
~$50 million of Network earnings until FY2027.We are committed to an ongoing program 
of work to reduce our cost base, make 
operations more efficient, and to deliver the 
growth in volumes and earnings to which we 
aspire. This work is well underway and already 
delivering cost savings and operational 
efficiencies. This includes:
 ›a company-wide review to achieve 
efficiencies in non-operational parts 
of the business, including labour 
and external spend
 ›the decision to manage the Bulk and 
Containerised Freight businesses under a 
single Group Executive to unlock synergies 
and streamline accountability
 ›reviews completed to identify and 
implement cost and fleet optimisation 
opportunities for the Bulk East, Bulk Central, 
and Bulk West operations. 
It was pleasing during FY2025 to see returns 
from the strategic investments we have made 
in recent years in Bulk and Containerised 
Freight. This includes the growth of interstate 
container volumes with completion of the 
ramp-up of national linehaul services; the 
establishment of a regular landbridging 
service from the Asia-Pacific region through 
the Port of Darwin; and the winning of 
long-term, high-value logistics contracts 
for BHP Copper South Australia. These are 
good examples of how we can leverage 
recent investments to deliver supply chain 
solutions for customers. These investments 
include rail, port, and rollingstock assets in 
South Australia and the Northern Territory 
secured through the acquisition of One Rail 
in 2022 and Flinders Logistics in 2024. These 
positive developments also highlight the 
opportunities we have to grow our business 
in markets exposed to Australia’s economic 
growth and the global energy transition which 
is driving increasing demand for commodities 
such as copper.
Aurizon remains committed to our 
decarbonisation initiatives and our target 
of delivering net zero operational emissions 
by 2050. This includes a range of specific 
medium and long-term initiatives such as solar 
generation, vegetation offsets, and technology 
to reduce fuel usage and emissions, together 
with ongoing work to develop new-generation 
locomotives with low or zero emissions. In 
September, for example, we unveiled our 
first nature-based carbon-offsetting tree 
reserve adjacent to our rail corridor in north 
Queensland. This is an Australian-first for 
Aurizon and over the next 25 years the 
reserve is expected to generate more than 
32,000 tonnes of carbon abatement. Aurizon 
was able to successfully implement this 
sustainability project, in part, through financial 
support from a Federal Government Carbon + 
Biodiversity (C+B) Pilot grant.Aurizon is developing two key platforms for 
our future fleet of freight trains: a Battery-
Electric Locomotive and a Battery-Electric 
Tender. With the support of global technology 
partners, both of these leading-edge projects 
are underway here in Australia. Aurizon is 
also well positioned to leverage and adopt 
emerging decarbonisation technology from 
the global rail sector as it becomes available.
Importantly, Aurizon continues to engage 
with customers to reinforce the current 
environmental and commercial benefits of 
using rail for bulk transport and logistics. A 
great example is the recent work we have 
secured with BHP Copper South Australia, 
servicing one of the world’s largest copper 
provinces. By moving the majority of BHP 
Copper’s tonnes from road to rail, and once 
fully operational, Aurizon will effectively 
replace an estimated 13 million kilometres 
of truck movements annually, with an 
estimated reduction in carbon emissions 
of ~20,000 tonnes a year compared to 
the existing road-based operation. That’s 
equivalent to removing about 11,000 truck 
movements from South Australian roads 
per year. This represents one of the largest 
ever road to rail conversions of bulk 
transport in Australia. 
In closing, I want to express my sincere thanks 
to all our employees across Australia for their 
hard work and dedication during FY2025. 
This year brought its share of operational 
and commercial challenges but through skill, 
teamwork, and commitment, we continued to 
deliver safe, reliable, and efficient services to 
our customers. 
Andrew Harding
Managing Director & CEO  
18 August 2025
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO'S REPORT 3

=== Page 22 ===
RISK RISK DESCRIPTION AND  
POTENTIAL IMPACTS IMPACTS AND 
INFLUENCEMANAGEMENT  
RESPONSE 
Supply Chain 
ReliabilityBuilding resilient supply chains and effective inventory 
management is critical to optimise levels of supply and 
minimise costs, and ensure Aurizon’s operational assets 
are appropriately maintained to enable uninterrupted 
service delivery.
Ongoing global and geopolitical events continue to 
have increased supply chain complexity and challenged 
reliability, including evolving international trade relations 
tensions, cyber security risks, labour shortages, 
constraints on the availability of raw materials and risk 
of engaging with suppliers who are either directly or 
indirectly implicated in modern slavery.
These risks may increase supply chain costs, lead times 
and delays in obtaining goods and services, which could 
result in operational disruption.SIGNIFICANT
INFLUENCELIMITED
INFLUENCEAurizon is addressing these challenges by working 
closely with key suppliers, assessing and managing 
supply chain resilience and taking action to diversify 
supplier bases, including the creation of dual supply 
where possible. Our key focus remains on demand 
forecasting, refreshing inventory management 
approaches and strengthening inventory levels, and 
monitoring of emerging supply chain risks.
In December 2024, Aurizon published its fifth 
Modern Slavery Statement, which addresses the 
Company’s obligations contained in the Modern 
Slavery Act 2018 (Cth).
People and 
CapabilityAurizon’s ability to manage its workforce is central to 
our strategy, value proposition, and ability to compete. 
This includes planning, attracting, and retaining 
individuals with the necessary skills and expertise. 
Ineffective workforce management can lead to material 
financial, operational, and reputational impacts.
SIGNIFICANT
INFLUENCELIMITED
INFLUENCEOur workforce capability planning is integrated into 
our organisational and business strategy, utilising 
HR specialists, integrating people, processes and 
systems, and identifying and taking targeted 
action on capability hotspots. We also promote 
our employee value proposition and actively listen 
to employee feedback.
We have implemented talent attraction and 
retention strategies, including a multi-media brand 
campaign, career progression pathways, competitive 
remuneration, and investment in learning and 
development programs.
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions, 
Metrics and 
TargetsAurizon is an emitter of greenhouse gases (GHG) 
through consumption of fossil fuels used in delivering 
services to customers and in the creation, purchase 
and utilisation of our assets. Under the Safeguard 
Mechanism reforms which commenced on 1 July 2023, 
Aurizon is required to maintain its Scope 1 emissions 
of its National Transport Facility (captured under the 
Safeguard Mechanism) below an annually declining 
regulated baseline. Failure to do so exposes Aurizon to 
direct carbon costs and/or regulatory action. Due to 
current technology constraints, Aurizon will be required 
to purchase and retire Australian Carbon Credit Units 
(ACCUs) to meet its Safeguard compliance obligation. 
A key challenge is Aurizon’s ability to recover increased 
carbon-related costs from customers against the 
declining baseline. Should Aurizon not be able to 
recover this cost directly or indirectly, it may negatively 
impact financial performance including impairment of 
assets. These challenges are compounded by evolving 
Australian and international governments expectations 
on emissions management and reporting, which may 
further impact Aurizon.
Aurizon has set targets for the reduction of emissions 
and emission intensity, while also focusing on 
operational growth. With a large, complex and multi-
year decarbonisation program, there are risks relating to:
 ›the ability to reduce those emissions as committed to 
the market, particularly as operations expand
 ›the availability of technology at scale to meet 
those ambitions
 ›the availability, efficiency and affordability of 
renewable energy and/or drop in fuels to power 
the transition
 ›reliance on third parties, including the implementation 
of government policy, to facilitate the transition
 ›costs such as decarbonisation technologies, energy 
sources or ACCUs
 ›the targets, or actions taken in progressing towards 
those targets, not being considered sufficient to 
key stakeholders.
These risks could result in increasing operational costs, 
damage to social licence, shareholder action or litigation 
or other reputational impacts.SIGNIFICANT
INFLUENCELIMITED
INFLUENCEAurizon is taking action to:
 ›design, invest and support the delivery of 
fleet decarbonisation projects and carbon 
abatement initiatives 
 ›incorporate the assessment of the impact on GHG 
emissions as part of investment decision-making
 ›explore and engage opportunities via 
partnership agreements
 ›upskill existing and new staff with 
appropriate skills
 ›continue engagement with government and 
regulators regarding policy and advocacy to 
promote fair and equitable treatment of rail 
as a low carbon form of land-based freight 
transportation, and to stimulate the domestic 
biodiesel production industry
 ›implement and progressively update its ACCU 
purchasing strategy.
Aurizon provides accurate and timely reporting 
of emissions and provides information about the 
programs in hand to reduce those emissions.
For more information on our approach to climate 
change, including risks relating to decarbonising 
and net zero, also refer to our annual Sustainability 
Report.Directors’ Report (continued)  
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
AURIZON ANNUAL REPORT 2024–25
20