=== Page 4 ===
4 
 
 
and systematically manage the ex ecution status to expand 
sustainable finance. 
 
 
As the three ESG strategic direct ions and 12 focus areas are linked 
to the UN Sustainable Development  Goals (UN SDGs), the ESG 
management performance according to the UN SDGs is reported through the Sustainability Report (U N SDGs Index). In addition, we 
declared our support for the 10 pr inciples on human rights, labour, 
environment, and anti-corruption by joining the UN Global Compact 
in 2020 and report the implementation status. In terms of environmental impact, we est ablish greenhouse gas emission 
reduction targets in compliance with the Paris Agreement, and identify, manage, and disclose cl imate change risks based on TCFD. 
In terms of social impact, we adv ocate the international principles 
related to human rights and labour, such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Ri ghts, the International Labor 
Organization (ILO) fundamental  conventions, the UN Global 
Compact, and the Universal Declarati on of Human Rights. We strive 
to prevent the human rights of all stakeholders by establishing 
Human Rights Policy based on these principles. 
 
< Strategic Direction and association with UN SDGs > 
1. TOUCH OUR PLANET: Realizing Green Finance to protect the 
environment 
1) Promotion for achieving the goal of carbon neutrality 
2) Establishment of managem ent system for green finance 
products https://eng.bnkfg.com/
fileDownload.jsp?fn=5

=== Page 6 ===
6 
 
 
bank operates in (as described under 1.1) hav e been considered in  the impact analysis. 
Please also describe which areas have not yet been included, and why.  
Response 
The BNK Financial Group conducts materiality assessment every 
year to identify and manage key impacts on the environment and 
society. The materiality assessm ent comprehensively evaluates the 
impacts of all business areas, products, and services, including 
corporate finance, retail finance,  and investment with the scope 
covering all subsidiaries of BNK Financial Group. As a result of 
conducting a double materiality asse ssment under the principles 
presented by GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) and EU ESRS 
(European Sustainable Reporting Standar ds), we identified a total 8 
material issues* and reported related activities, management 
strategies, and achievements in the Sustainability Report. 
 
* Climate Change Risks Management, Financial Inclusion for 
Financially Vulnerable Groups, Ethical Management System and 
Internal Control, Financial Consumer  Protection, Transition to Digital 
Finance, Diversity of Employees and Equal Opportunities, Prevention 
of Financial accidents and Digital Se curity, Revitalization of Local 
Economy Links and references 
BNK Financial Group 
2023 Sustainability 
Report p.10-13  
b) Portfolio composition : Has your bank considered the compos ition of its portfolio (in %) in 
the analysis? Please provide proportional com position of your portfolio globally and per 
geographical scope 
i) by sectors & industries3 for business, corporate and investment banking portfolios (i.e. 
sector exposure or industry breakdown in %), and/or  
ii) by products & services and by types of customers fo r consumer and retail banking 
portfolios.  
If your bank has taken another approach to deter mine the bank’s scale of  exposure, please 
elaborate, to show how you have considered w here the bank’s core busi ness/major activities 
lie in terms of industries or sectors. 
Response 
The portfolio composition of 79. 9 trillion KRW (approximately 51% 
of total assets) which formed the basis for setting the SBTi (Science 
Based Targets initiative) GHG em issions reduction target is as 
follows. The asset portfolio for emissions reduction target is 
considered the most suitable to  provide the background for 
measuring the BNK Financial Gr oup’s impact on climate change. 
   < Target assets and ratio by asset group and sector  > 
(Unit: trillion KRW, %) 
Asset group and sector Target 
assets Ratio 
Individual 
loans Mortgage 10.0 12.5 
Automobile loans 0.9 1.1 Links and references 
BNK Financial Group 
2023 Sustainability 
Report p.31, 179  
 
3 ‘Key sectors’ relative to different im pact areas, i.e. those sectors whose positiv e and negative impacts are particularly stro ng, 
are particularly relevant here.

=== Page 8 ===
8 
 
 
Individual 
customers Amount 19,765.0 13,931.8 
SMEs/Small 
business owners Number 104,549 122,416 
Amount 3,278.0 6,033.8 
 
c) Context : What are the main challenges and prioriti es related to sustainable development in 
the main countries/regions in which your bank and/or your clients operate?4 Please 
describe how these have been considered, in cluding what stakehol ders you have engaged 
to help inform this element of the impact analysis.  
 
This step aims to put your bank’s portfolio impacts into the context of society’s needs.  
Response 
In the materiality assessment pr ocess for identifying impact areas, 
the BNK Financial Group widely incorporated stakeholders' 
opinions by distributing eval uation forms and conducting scale 
assessments among employees, inve stors, and ESG experts, etc. 
Additionally, to ensure an appr opriate impact analysis, the 
challenges and priorities relat ed to sustainable development in 
South Korea were thoroughly examined. 
 After adopting the Paris Agreem ent in 2015, the South Korean 
Government announced its Nationa lly Determined Contribution 
(2030 NDC) to reduce national gr eenhouse gas emissions by 40% 
compared to 2018 by 2030, as well as its goal of achieving carbon 
neutrality by 2050. Among the top 10 mid- to long-term policy tasks for reducing greenhouse gas emissi ons to achieve these targets, 
the role of the financial sector in implementing carbon neutrality is 
emphasized, including expanding financial support for green 
industries and strengthening climat e risk management for financial 
stability. Furthermore, in 2024, the "Financial Support Expansion 
Plan for Responding to Climate Crisis" (Financ ial Services 
Commission) and the "Green Investment Expansion Plan for 
Accelerating Transition to a Low -Carbon System" (Ministry of 
Environment) were announced. T hese documents include plans for 
expanding sustainable finance to re spond to the climate crisis 
through cooperation between the government and commercial 
banks. 
 The Financial Services Commission of Korea has expressed its 
commitment to inclusive finance through 3 key goals and 9 policy 
tasks in 2024. Under the goals of “Trusted finance protecting 
livelihoods” and “Strong finance resilient  to crises,” alleviation of 
financial burdens on the public and management of household debt 
have been set as policy tasks. Acco rding to the International 
Financial Association's Global D ebt Report, household debt-to-GDP 
in Korea for the first quarter of 2024 was 98.9%, the highest level among the 34 countries survey ed. The delinquency rate of 
household debt has also increas ed as borrowers’ repayment 
capacity has decreased due to high in flation and high interest rates. Links and references 
BNK Financial Group 
2023 Sustainability Report p.10-13
 
 
4 Global priorities might alternatively  be considered for banks with highly di versified and international portfolios.

=== Page 9 ===
9 
 
 
Accordingly, the importance of fi nancial inclusion for low-income 
individuals and the financially vu lnerable group is increasing. 
 In South Korean society, regional di sparities, in addition to income 
gaps, are also emerging as sustai nability issues. According to the 
Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, more than half 
of the total population and em ployed individuals reside in the 
metropolitan area, which accounts fo r 12% of the entire territory, 
and 87% of the top 1,000 companies are concentrated there. This 
has led to social issues such as  a decrease in the youth population, 
accelerated aging, decreased regi onal investment, and a reduced 
economic scale in other regions . Especially Busan, Ulsan, and 
Gyeongnam in southeastern Sout h Korea, where BNK Financial 
Group is located, are also faci ng significant population outflows and 
resulting regional stagnation. As a financial institut ion representing 
the southeastern region of Sout h Korea, the BNK Financial Group 
acknowledges the importance of  expanding inclusive finance in 
regions and is actively  addressing these issues.  
Based on these first 3 element s of an impact analysis, what  positive and negative impact 
areas has your bank identified? Wh ich (at least two) significant impact areas did you prioritize 
to pursue your target setting stra tegy (see 2.2)5? Please disclose. 
Response 
As a result of the impact analysis, the BNK Financial Group has 
identified “ Climate change mitigation ” and “ Financial inclusion”  
as two significant impact areas. These are issues that require 
urgent response considering t he composition of BNK Financial 
Group’s portfolio, major challenges and priorities within Korean society, etc. among the eight mate rial issues derived from the 
materiality assessment results. We implement strategies to expand 
positive impacts and reduce negativ e impacts related to these 
impact areas. 
 [Climate change mitigation] 
Our climate change response and ri sk management activities may 
cause credit risk increase for corporat es that fall within industries 
considered for investment exclus ion. However, through achieving 
financed emissions Net Zero, we can contribute to the reduction of 
carbon emissions arising from domestic industries.  
 [Financial inclusion] In line with the South Korean government's financial policy 
direction, if inclusive finance acti vities are insufficient, there may be 
increased pressure from financial authorities and society to enhance efforts. We can allevi ate the financial burden of the 
financially vulnerable groups within the region and contribute to the 
development of the local community  through active promotion of 
financial inclusion for these groups.  Links and references 
BNK Financial Group 
2023 Sustainability Report p.11-12
 
 
5 To prioritize the areas of most signi ficant impact, a qualitative overlay to the quanti tative analysis as described in a), b) and c) 
will be important, e.g. through stakeholder engagement and further geographic contextualisation.

=== Page 10 ===
10 
 
 
d) For these (min. two pr ioritized impact areas) : Performance measurement : Has your bank 
identified which sectors & industries as well as  types of customers financed or invested in 
are causing the strongest act ual positive or negative impac ts? Please describe how you 
assessed the performance of these, using appr opriate indicators related to significant 
impact areas that apply to  your bank’s context.  
In determining priority areas for target-setting among its areas of most significant 
impact, you should consider the bank’s current performance levels, i.e. qualitative 
and/or quantitative indicators and/or proxies of the social, economic and environmental 
impacts resulting from the bank’s activities and provision of products and services. If 
you have identified climate and/or financial health&inclusion as your most significant 
impact areas, please also refer to the applicable indicators in the Annex .  
If your bank has taken another approach to assess  the intensity of impac t resulting from the 
bank’s activities and provis ion of products and servic es, please describe this.  
 
The outcome of this step will then also provide the baseline (incl. indicators) you can use for 
setting targets in two areas of most significant impact.  
Response 
[Climate change mitigation] 
The BNK Financial Group recognize s the importance of the impact 
of financed emissions (Scope 3) through investments and loans in 
addition to the greenhouse gases (Sco pe 1&2) emitted directly or 
generated through energy consumpt ion. We measure Scope 1, 2, 
and 3 emissions annually and has established a financed 
emissions measurement system in 2023 for more accurate 
measurement and management. The BNK Financial Group 
discloses emissions for certain categories among the 15 categories 
of Scope 3 emissions (investm ents, purchased goods, fuel- and 
energy-related activities, business travel). We plan to enhance the 
calculation system for Scope 3 emi ssions to disclose  emissions for 
all categories and monitor emissions. 
 The total financed emissions for 2023 are 25.88 million tCO
2eq. 
Financed emissions are classified into seven asset groups 
according to PCAF standards: listed equity and corporate bonds, 
business loans and unlisted equity, pr oject finance, commercial real 
estate, mortgages, motor vehicle loans, and sovereign debt. They are measured by multiplying the carbon emissions of the borrower 
(source of emissions) by invest ment ratio of the BNK Financial 
Group (balance of financial assets / total assets of the borrower(source of emissions)).  Among these, the emissions 
corresponding to the asset groups of listed equity and corporate bonds, business loans and unlisted equity are classified into 12 
industries, and the emissions and intensity (emissions per unit 
investment amount) by asset group are as follows. 
 < Financed emissions  by asset group > 
(Unit: trillion KRW, 10,000 tCO
2eq, tCO 2eq/100 million KRW) 
Asset groups  Measured 
target Financed 
emissions Financial 
intensity Links and references 
BNK Financial Group 
2023 Sustainability Report p.27, 29-31, 71-
77, 167-171