=== Table 1 (page 20) ===
Seabin we are helping to collect,
"marine litter, oil, fuel and detergents",climate and nature risk management across the business to deliver the
from the water’s surface in Sydney,
,following outcomes:
Harbour in Sydney New South Wales.,
,Reduced scope 1 and 2 emissions (market-based) by 92.9% since baseline
,"(FY25 Scope 1: 960 tCo2e, FY25 Scope 2: 0 tCO2e) in line with the"
,Bank’s commitments.
,Bendigo Bank Green Personal Loan was awarded the Canstar’s Outstanding
,Value Green Car Loan Award for the second year running.
,"Installed five Electric Vehicle (EV) Chargers across our Head Offices, to make it"
,easier for our people to reduce their emissions and encourage EV uptake.
,Achieved commitment to purchase 100% renewable energy by 2025. This is
,supported by our commitment to making sure all future Head Offices have a
,minimum 6-star Green Star Buildings rating.
BEN 1.5°C,
Climate change remains a material,
,Integrating climate in site selection processes: The Bank’s Site Selection
risk and opportunity for our business.,
,"Framework considers renewable energy access, waste management and"
We are committed to playing our,
,potential climate impacts to minimise operational risks and environmental
"part in a 1.5˚C world, which means",
,"impact to future Corporate Offices, Regional Offices and Retail Branches."
"continuing to support our customers,",
"communities, our people and business",
to prepare for and adapt to the,
,"Commenced development of a Nature Risk Strategy, aligned with the Group"
impacts and opportunities of climate,
,Risk Management Framework which builds on the nature risk assessment
change. To ensure we are continuing,
,completed in 2024 using the Locate Evaluate Assess Plan (LEAP) framework.
"to do this, we have developed a set",
of intensity-based 1.5˚C targets which,
,"Through Up’s partnership with Seabin, we have supported Seabin to"
are aligned to the Paris Agreement,
,filter 261 million litres of seawater and successfully captured & removed
and Science Based Targets Initiative,
,"an estimated 155,176 plastic items and 69,610 microplastics from"
(SBTi) to measure the performance of,
,Sydney Harbour.
our most material cohorts of financed,
"emissions. For more information, please",

=== Table 2 (page 21) ===
,Selected performance metric as described in the table below:,
Subject Matter,Location,Criteria
Community,"Community Bank investment
ESG Data Summary",The Bank’s own
,(cash contributions),criteria
Climate,"Scope 1 GHG emissions
Annual Report, Page 96",The Bank’s own
,,criteria
,"Climate Disclosure Report, Page 25",
,ESG Data Summary,
,"Scope 2 GHG emissions
Annual Report, Page 96",
,(market-based),
,"Climate Disclosure Report, Page 25",
,ESG Data Summary,