=== Page 20 ===
Environment
Climate & Nature Action Plan (CNAP)
The second year of the Bank’s CNAP (2024-2026) has focused on embedding 
climate and nature risk management across the business to deliver the 
following outcomes:
Reduced scope 1 and 2 emissions (market-based) by 92.9% since baseline 
(FY25 Scope 1: 960 tCo2e, FY25 Scope 2: 0 tCO2e) in line with the 
Bank’s commitments.
Bendigo Bank Green Personal Loan was awarded the Canstar’s Outstanding 
V alue Green Car Loan A ward for the second year running.
Installed five Electric V ehicle (EV) Chargers across our Head Offices, to make it 
easier for our people to reduce their emissions and encourage EV uptake.
Achieved commitment to purchase 100% renewable energy by 2025. This is 
supported by our commitment to making sure all future Head Offices have a 
minimum 6-star Green Star Buildings rating. 
Integrating climate in site selection processes: The Bank’s Site Selection 
Framework considers renewable energy access, waste management and 
potential climate impacts to minimise operational risks and environmental 
impact to future Corporate Offices, Regional Offices and Retail Branches.
Commenced development of a Nature Risk Strategy, aligned with the Group 
Risk Management Framework which builds on the nature risk assessment 
completed in 2024 using the Locate Evaluate Assess Plan (LEAP) framework.
Through Up’s partnership with Seabin, we have supported Seabin to 
filter 261 million litres of seawater and successfully captured & removed 
an estimated 155,176 plastic items and 69,610 microplastics from 
Sydney Harbour.
Management of climate-related risks and opportunities 
For an understanding on how we have uplifted the management of climate-related 
risks and opportunities in 2025, please refer to the Bank’s Climate Disclosure .
Through Up’s partnership with 
Seabin we are helping to collect 
marine litter, oil, fuel and detergents 
from the water’s surface in Sydney 
Harbour in Sydney New South Wales.
BEN 1.5°C
Climate change remains a material 
risk and opportunity for our business. 
We are committed to playing our 
part in a 1.5˚C world, which means 
continuing to support our customers, 
communities, our people and business 
to prepare for and adapt to the 
impacts and opportunities of climate 
change. T o ensure we are continuing 
to do this, we have developed a set 
of intensity -based 1.5˚C targets which 
are aligned to the Paris Agreement 
and Science Based T argets Initiative 
(SBTi ) to measure the performance of 
our most material cohorts of financed 
emissions. For more information, please 
refer to our Climate Disclosure .
155,176 plastic 
items and 69,610 
microplastics
have been successfully 
captured and removed from 
Sydney Harbour. An estimated
18 | Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 21 ===
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Ernst & Young
8 Exhibition Street 
Melbourne  VIC  3000  Australia
GPO Box 67 Melbourne  VIC  3001Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
ey.com/au
Independent Limited Assurance Report to the Management and Directors
of Bendigo and Adelaide Bank
Our Conclusion:
What our review covered
We reviewed the following Subject Matter for the year ended 30 June 2025, which was prepared using
the following Criteria:
 The preparation and disclosure of material sustainability-related risks and opportunities aligned to 
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard 3: Material Topics 2021
 Selected performance metric as described in the table below:
Subject Matter Location Criteria
Community Community Bank investment
(cash contributions)ESG Data Summary The Bank’s own
criteria
Climate Scope 1 GHG emissions Annual Report, Page 96
Climate Disclosure Report, Page 25
ESG Data SummaryThe Bank’s own
criteria
Scope 2 GHG emissions
(market-based)Annual Report, Page 96
Climate Disclosure Report, Page 25
ESG Data Summary
Other than as described in the preceding paragraphs, which set out the scope of our engagement, we
did not perform assurance procedures on the remaining information included in the  Annual Report and
ESG Data Summary (together, the Reports) and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or
conclusion on this information.Ernst & Young (‘EY’, ‘we’) were engaged by Bendigo and Adelaide Bank (‘the Bank’) to undertake a
limited assurance engagement as defined by Australian Auditing Standards, hereafter referred to as a
‘review’, over the Subject Matter defined below which is presented in the Bank’s Annual Report and the
ESG Data Summary workbook for the year ended 30 June 2025. Based on the procedures we have
performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to
believe the Subject Matter has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the
Criteria defined below.Assurance Statement
19