=== Page 12 ===
VISION
To become the 
great Australian
food companyPURPOSE
Creating great
food for a
better future2023–2028
HORIZON
Focus and
simplify
International 
opportunity
Focus and grow 
our international 
business.Secure solids
Grow and 
diversify the 
supply of milk 
solids to support 
branded growth 
and plant 
efﬁciency.Sustainability
Deliver strategy 
commitments 
focusing on 
circularity, 
community and 
collaboration.Streamline our 
sites
Optimise our 
manufacturing 
and distribution 
footprint.Win on 
the street
Improve our 
competitiveness 
by leveraging our 
distribution and 
product capability. Protect and 
grow the core
Invest behind our 
‘power brands’ to 
drive marketplace 
participation and 
growth.
Organisational enablement  
Creating a sustainable organisation to achieve our strategy
Grow
our peopleInvest
in our futureSupport
each otherPassion
for customer and consumerValues
ROFE
>10%EBITDA
>$250MRevenue
>$3.9BGross margin
>23%Engagement1
>4.0CO2
40% reduction by 2030Safety
targetsGender
40:40:20FY2028 metrics
CIRCULARITY COMMUNITY COLLABORATION
NATURAL 
RESOURCE 
MANAGEMENT
supporting healthy 
ecosystems and a 
sustainable dairy industry
promoting on-farm 
biodiversity and 
ecological protection
integrating mitigation, 
adaptation and resilience 
strategies to effectively 
manage and report on 
climate risk.
RESPONSIBLE 
AND ETHICAL 
PROCUREMENT
sourcing ingredients from 
suppliers that share our 
ethical procurement values 
and use accredited sources.
QUALITY 
SUSTAINABLE 
PRODUCTS
delivering value to our 
consumers through 
high quality products 
and sustainable practices 
across our value chain.EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH 
AND WELLBEING
safety is our ﬁrst priority. 
We provide a healthy and 
safe workplace for all
supporting the health 
and wellbeing of our 
people and their families
promoting diversity, 
inclusion and gender 
equality.
POSITIVE 
NUTRITION 
OUTCOMES 
providing great-tasting 
nutritious products for 
all life stages
clearly communicating 
nutrition information for 
informed, healthy choices.
COMMUNITY 
ENGAGEMENT 
AND A W ARENESS 
supporting our 
communities to create 
meaningful and lasting 
impacts.RESOURCE 
EFFICIENCY
measuring and improving 
how circular we are
minimising waste and 
maximising diversion by 
designing for recovery
working with our customers 
and brands to align with 
national packaging targets
cutting water use by 30% 
by 2030* .
EMISSIONS 
REDUCTION
net Zero Carbon by 2050
40% reduction in scope 1 
and 2 emissions by 2030*
collaborating to mitigate 
scope 3 emissions. 
*From FY2021Our strategic priorities
We built our five-year strategic plan, S28, around 
two core objectives:
1. Win in the markets where we compete.
2. Simplify our business to reinforce our position 
as Australia’s leading branded food 
manufacturer.
We structured our plan around six strategic pillars, 
supported by organisational enablement.In FY2025, we successfully completed two  
years of our plan, and in FY2026, we will advance 
our strategy through the following initiatives:
1. Revenue mix improvements by utilising 
advanced promotional analytics, refining our 
product portfolio and optimising bulk 
commodity returns.
2. New product launches in high demand health  
and wellbeing segments.
3. Continued expansion of foodservice and 
international businesses.
4. Increase margins through supply side savings  
and efficiency improvements.
5. Strengthening cash flow and reducing net debt.
6. Scaling operations to drive efficiency and lower 
the cost of doing business.
1. Engagement measured by Gallup’s Q12 employee engagement survey.9

=== Page 13 ===
CIRCULARITY COMMUNITY COLLABORATION
NATURAL 
RESOURCE 
MANAGEMENT
supporting healthy 
ecosystems and a 
sustainable dairy industry
promoting on-farm 
biodiversity and 
ecological protection
integrating mitigation, 
adaptation and resilience 
strategies to effectively 
manage and report on 
climate risk.
RESPONSIBLE 
AND ETHICAL 
PROCUREMENT
sourcing ingredients from 
suppliers that share our 
ethical procurement values 
and use accredited sources.
QUALITY 
SUSTAINABLE 
PRODUCTS
delivering value to our 
consumers through 
high quality products 
and sustainable practices 
across our value chain.EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH 
AND WELLBEING
safety is our ﬁrst priority. 
We provide a healthy and 
safe workplace for all
supporting the health 
and wellbeing of our 
people and their families
promoting diversity, 
inclusion and gender 
equality.
POSITIVE 
NUTRITION 
OUTCOMES 
providing great-tasting 
nutritious products for 
all life stages
clearly communicating 
nutrition information for 
informed, healthy choices.
COMMUNITY 
ENGAGEMENT 
AND A W ARENESS 
supporting our 
communities to create 
meaningful and lasting 
impacts.RESOURCE 
EFFICIENCY
measuring and improving 
how circular we are
minimising waste and 
maximising diversion by 
designing for recovery
working with our customers 
and brands to align with 
national packaging targets
cutting water use by 30% 
by 2030* .
EMISSIONS 
REDUCTION
net Zero Carbon by 2050
40% reduction in scope 1 
and 2 emissions by 2030*
collaborating to mitigate 
scope 3 emissions. 
*From FY2021 Our sustainability strategy
In FY2025 we launched our Better Future 
sustainability strategy. The strategy focuses  
on three pillars: circularity, community and, 
collaboration. These reflect our heritage in the 
Bega Valley, our long-term partnerships and 
our growth as a food producer. Better Future is 
informed by our most material sustainability 
impacts, aligns to our vision for an enduring 
legacy of our business, and demonstrates our 
commitment to the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.
CIRCULARITY
We will lead in circularity through our practices, 
industry partnerships and the effective use, reuse 
and recycling of our resources.COMMUNITY
We will make a positive and lasting impact by 
supporting our people, their families and our 
communities.
COLLABORATION
We will work together with our producers, customers 
and communities to enable sustainable practices, 
grow domestic economies and deliver great 
Australian products that people love and trust.
We aim for a future that is greater through 
sustainability, so we can keep nourishing and 
nurturing not just Australians but Australia, and 
the world, for generations to come.10

=== Page 25 ===
number one protein milk-based beverage in Australia
•  new Whipped peanut butter, high-protein milk and 
yoghurt protein and gut health products
•  extended range in the energy drink segment with Dare 
Charged
•  expansion of its lactose-free white milk range into new 
regions.
Win on the street
The Group increased capability and reach to service customers:
• expansion of its foodservice channel presence
• online customer portal rolled out to customers.
The Group implemented initiatives to reduce the ‘cost to 
service’ including:
• efficiencies in its route network
•  consolidation of warehousing including the sale of the 
Berkeley Vale warehouse in New South Wales (NSW) in 1H 
FY2025
•  automation of the Laverton national distribution centre in 
Victoria.
International opportunity
The Group strengthened in-market capabilities in select 
geographies with:
•  a new distribution business model in the United Arab 
Emirates
•  the expansion of its retailer key account model and an 
increase in market resources
•  expansion of the successful ‘chef led selling’ initiative to 
drive foodservice demand.
Farmers Union yoghurt maintained the number one position 
for yoghurt in Singapore.
Streamlined sites
Over the course of FY2025, the Group moved towards greater 
site scale, utilisation and efficiency by:
•  consolidating Betta Milk operations, moving them to Lenah 
Valley and closing the Meander Valley dairy site
•  selling the Leeton primary juice processing site and 
entering into a long-term supply agreement
•  announcing the planned closure of the Strathmerton 
cheese site with most production moving to Ridge Street 
Bega at end of FY2026
•  completing the strategic reviews of Peanut Company of 
Australia Pty Ltd (PCA) Kingaroy and Tolga peanut sites in 
Queensland, with site exits announced on 9 July 2025.
Secure solids
The Group improved milk returns from pricing and product 
mix changes such as:
•  commodities and farm gate milk price being better 
aligned, normalising returns in the Bulk segment•  growing milk protein concentrate manufacturing capacity 
and sales
•  growing cream cheese manufacturing capacity to meet 
future demand.
Sustainability
The Group implemented its ‘Better Future’ refreshed 
sustainability strategy:
•  partnering and progressing the establishment of the 
National Centre for Circularity in the Bega Valley
•  advancing energy efficiency projects aligned to the 2030 
emissions reduction target
•  supporting on-farm sustainability through the Better 
Farms Program
•  expanding site-based Diversity, equity and inclusion  
(DEI) groups tracking towards the Group’s 40:40:20 
gender targets.
Significant events
Manufacturing footprint rationalisation
On 26 August 2024, the Group announced that it had entered 
into a binding agreement to sell its Leeton juice extraction 
facility and related assets to Australian Juice Processing 
and Bottling Pty Ltd (Grove Juice), subject to conditions, for 
$11.4 million. Completion of the sale occurred in the second 
quarter of FY2025, with Grove Juice taking ownership of the 
facility and providing employment to Leeton staff. Grove Juice 
commenced processing fruit on behalf of the Group as part of 
a long-term agreement. 
On 6 May 2025, the Group announced the consolidation of its 
Strathmerton cheese processing and packaging operations 
into its Ridge Street, Bega site. It expects to compete the 
phased closure of the Strathmerton site by late FY2026. The 
consolidation of sites is forecast to deliver $30 million per annum 
of cost savings from FY2027 onwards by eliminating duplication 
and reducing fixed cost once the integration is complete.
On 9 July 2025, the Group, following a 12-month strategic 
review, announced that it will wind down and close its peanut 
processing business, PCA. This will lead to a phased shutdown 
of the facilities at Kingaroy and Tolga over the next 18 months.
In addition to the sale and exit of the Leeton site and announced 
closure of Strathmerton in FY2026, other manufacturing 
footprint rationalisation initiatives were undertaken across the 
Group as well as a portfolio rationalisation program to reduce 
complexity and unlock efficiencies. 
The combination of these events resulted in a negative impact 
to the Group’s profit before tax of $83.7 million, including $47.2 
million of impairment expense for owned and leased plant and 
equipment, and employee redundancies of $34.1 million.
Safety
The Group is committed to ensuring a healthy and safe work 
environment for employees, contractors, and visitors to its 
operations. The Group’s safety principles guide the Group 
safety culture.
Throughout the year, the Group focused on proactive hazard 
identification to drive improvement in its safety performance 22

=== Page 26 ===
material exposure to commercial, operational, environmental 
and social risks. In addition to approval of the refreshed 
sustainability strategy, Board and Committee Charters 
were updated in FY2025 to reflect responsibility for the 
consideration of climate-related risks and opportunities. 
Energy management
The Group is committed to achieving its greenhouse gas 
emission reduction targets. The Energy Management 
Capability Program, now in its sixth year, has mapped energy 
at two more sites and identified opportunities for improved 
energy efficiency and reductions in scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions.
Packaging
The Group’s Packaging Sustainability Policy which supports 
Australia’s 2025 National Packaging Targets guides the 
Group’s approach to reducing the impact of packaging. Over 
the course of the year, industry participants encountered 
significant barriers implementing initiatives, resulting in 
insufficient progress across the industry towards these 
national targets. A government review into Australia’s current 
national co-regulatory framework, and the commencement 
of packaging regulation reform is still underway. The Group 
experienced some of these barriers, particularly with respect 
to inconsistent supply and significant cost increases. It 
has made the difficult decision to reduce the percentage 
of recycled plastic used in some of its bottles, including 
flavoured milk and juice impulse products. The Group has 
maintained the use of post-consumer recycled polyethylene 
terephthalate (rPET) in bottles of less than one litre for Dare 
Iced Coffee, Big M and Dairy Farmers Classic milk-based 
beverages. These bottles will still use recycled plastic, but 
the percentage of recycled plastic content will be reduced. 
The Group’s investment of $14 million to establish in-house 
production of bottles will enable it to increase the use of 
recycled content in the future. Almost 90% of total packaging 
in the 2024 calendar year was reusable, recyclable or 
compostable and the Group increased the recycled content 
of its packaging by 5% over the same period. 
Ethical sourcing
The Group seeks to build trust and meet customer and 
consumer expectations by ensuring that ethical sourcing 
practices are promoted throughout the supply chain. In 
FY2025, the Group updated its Ethical Sourcing Policy to 
extend these requirements and to support the Group’s 
Supplier Responsible Sourcing Code, which details the 
minimum standards for suppliers. New vendors onboarded in 
FY2025 were risk assessed against these requirements, those 
that the Group identified as high-risk were subsequently 
registered with a globally recognised human rights data 
exchange database. There were two business-critical non-
conformances arising from audits of high-risk suppliers this 
year, both of which await auditor review. 
Nutrition
The Group is committed to providing great-tasting nutritious 
products for all life stages and to clearly communicating 
nutrition information for informed, healthy choices. The 
approach is informed by the Australian Dietary Guidelines 2013 
and the Group participates in Australia’s voluntary Health Star 
Rating System for front-of-pack labelling. Health Star Ratings 
now appear on over 75% of the labels of the Group’s milk, milk 
beverages, yoghurt, drinks and peanut butter products. In as a key element of the safety behavioural leadership program. 
This focus on leading metrics has resulted in a significant 
improvement in FY2025 in the safety performance as 
measured through total hazards reported and Total Reportable 
Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR). Activity in FY2025 also included 
progress on machine safety risk reduction across the Group’s 
manufacturing network and rollout of advanced Lock Out Tag 
Out (LOTO).
Environmental regulatory compliance 
The Group’s manufacturing sites are subject to Federal and 
State Environment Protection Regulations. The Group is also 
subject to various licensing requirements. These licences 
stipulate performance requirements as well as the specific 
monitoring of emissions such as noise, air, odour, and 
wastewater.
In FY2025, the Group reported compliance activities to 
environmental regulators and water authorities with no 
financial penalties for non-compliance reported. Notifications 
have been resolved with the appropriate regulator, with the 
following specifically reported:
•  One event of exceeding solid particle limits at the Koroit 
site in Victoria was reported to the EPA. Corrective actions 
have been implemented.
•  One event of potential contamination of stormwater from 
irrigation water at the Koroit farm area was reported to the 
EPA. Corrective actions have been implemented.
•  Eighteen wastewater breaches were reported against 
trade waste agreements: Twelve at the Penrith site in New 
South Wales, one at the Lenah Valley site in Tasmania, two 
at the Koroit site, one at Port Melbourne site, one at the 
Morwell site in Victoria, and one at the Salsbury site in 
South Australia. No fines were issued in respect of these 
breaches.
•  A transitional environmental program is open, with the 
Group managing and reducing dust at the Tolga site in 
Queensland. 
The Group resolved all remaining informal and formal 
complaints received in relation to environmental issues and 
no further action was required of the Group by regulators in 
respect of these issues.
In addition, during FY2025, the Group complied with all 
statutory environmental reporting requirements and 
continues to monitor and report energy consumption and 
greenhouse gas emissions to the relevant authorities.
Sustainability program
Outlined below are the key deliverables in FY2025 from the 
Group’s sustainability strategy – Better Future. The 2025 
Sustainability Report, the Corporate Governance Statement, 
the Bega Respect Statement, the APCO Annual Report and 
Action Plan, Workplace Gender and Equality Agency Report 
and the Modern Slavery Statement provide further details. 
These documents are published on the Group’s website.
Governance
During FY2025 the Risk and Sustainability Committee (RSC) 
met four times to oversee the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group’s sustainability performance and consider its Review of Financial Performance and Operations23