=== Table 1 (page 12) ===
,,,,,RESOURCE,EMPLOYEE,NATURAL
,,,,,EFFICIENCY,HEALTH,RESOURCE
VISION,PURPOSE,2023–2028,,,,,
,,,,,,AND WELLBEING,MANAGEMENT
,,,,,,,
To become the,Creating great,HORIZON,,,measuring and improving,,
,,,,,how circular we are,,
great Australian,food for a,,,,,safety is our ﬁrst priority.,supporting healthy
,,Focus and,,,,,
food company,better future,,,,minimising waste and,We provide a healthy and,ecosystems and a
,,simplify,,,,,
,,,,,maximising diversion by,safe workplace for all,sustainable dairy industry
,,,,,designing for recovery,,
,,,,,,supporting the health,promoting on-farm
,,,,,working with our customers,and wellbeing of our,biodiversity and
,,,,,and brands to align with,people and their families,ecological protection
,,,,,national packaging targets,,
Protect and,Win on,"Streamline our 
Sustainability",Secure solids,International,,"promoting diversity,","integrating mitigation,"
grow the core,the street,sites,,opportunity,cutting water use by 30%,inclusion and gender,adaptation and resilience
,,,,,by 2030*.,equality.,strategies to effectively
Invest behind our,Improve our,"Deliver strategy 
Optimise our",Grow and,Focus and grow,,,manage and report on
‘power brands’ to,competitiveness,"commitments 
manufacturing",diversify the,our international,,,
,,,,,EMISSIONS,POSITIVE,climate risk.
drive marketplace,by leveraging our,"focusing on 
and distribution",supply of milk,business.,,,
,,,,,,NUTRITION,
participation and,distribution and,"circularity, 
footprint.",solids to support,,REDUCTION,,
,,,,,,,RESPONSIBLE
growth.,product capability.,community and,branded growth,,,OUTCOMES,
,,,,,net Zero Carbon by 2050,,
,,collaboration.,and plant,,,,AND ETHICAL
,,,efﬁciency.,,40% reduction in scope 1,providing great-tasting,
,,,,,,,PROCUREMENT
,,,,,and 2 emissions by 2030*,nutritious products for,

=== Table 2 (page 26) ===
as a key element of the safety behavioural leadership program.,"material exposure to commercial, operational, environmental"
This  focus  on  leading  metrics  has  resulted  in  a  significant,"and  social  risks. 
In  addition  to  approval  of  the  refreshed"
"improvement 
in 
FY2025 
in 
the 
safety  performance 
as","sustainability 
strategy, 
Board 
and  Committee  Charters"
measured through total hazards reported and Total Reportable,"were  updated 
in  FY2025  to  reflect  responsibility 
for  the"
Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR). Activity in FY2025 also included,consideration of climate-related risks and opportunities.
progress on machine safety risk reduction across the Group’s,
manufacturing network and rollout of advanced Lock Out Tag,Energy management
Out (LOTO).,"The  Group 
is  committed  to  achieving 
its  greenhouse  gas"
,"emission 
reduction 
targets. 
The 
Energy  Management"
Environmental regulatory compliance,"Capability Program, now in its sixth year, has mapped energy"
,at  two  more  sites  and  identified  opportunities  for  improved
The  Group’s  manufacturing  sites  are  subject  to  Federal  and,
,energy efficiency and reductions in scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
State  Environment  Protection  Regulations.  The  Group  is  also,
,gas emissions.
"subject  to  various 
licensing  requirements.  These 
licences",
stipulate  performance  requirements  as  well  as  the  specific,
,Packaging
"monitoring  of  emissions  such  as  noise,  air,  odour,  and",
,The  Group’s  Packaging  Sustainability  Policy  which  supports
wastewater.,
,"Australia’s  2025  National  Packaging  Targets 
guides 
the"
"In  FY2025, 
the  Group 
reported  compliance  activities 
to",Group’s approach to reducing the impact of packaging. Over
"environmental 
regulators  and  water  authorities  with  no","the  course  of  the  year, 
industry  participants  encountered"
financial penalties for non-compliance reported. Notifications,"significant  barriers 
implementing 
initiatives, 
resulting 
in"
"have  been  resolved  with  the  appropriate  regulator,  with  the","insufficient  progress  across 
the 
industry 
towards 
these"
following specifically reported:,national targets. A government review into Australia’s current
,"national  co-regulatory  framework,  and  the  commencement"
"• 
One event of exceeding solid particle limits at the Koroit",of  packaging  regulation  reform  is  still  underway.  The  Group
site in Victoria was reported to the EPA. Corrective actions,"experienced some of these barriers, particularly with respect"
have been implemented.,"to 
inconsistent  supply  and  significant  cost 
increases. 
It"
,has  made  the  difficult  decision  to  reduce  the  percentage
"• 
One event of potential contamination of stormwater from",
,"of  recycled  plastic  used 
in  some  of 
its  bottles, 
including"
irrigation water at the Koroit farm area was reported to the,
,flavoured  milk  and  juice  impulse  products.  The  Group  has
EPA. Corrective actions have been implemented.,
,maintained the use of post-consumer recycled polyethylene
,terephthalate (rPET) in bottles of less than one litre for Dare
"• 
Eighteen  wastewater  breaches  were 
reported  against",
,"Iced  Coffee,  Big  M  and  Dairy  Farmers  Classic  milk-based"
trade waste agreements: Twelve at the Penrith site in New,
,"beverages.  These  bottles  will  still  use  recycled  plastic,  but"
"South Wales, one at the Lenah Valley site in Tasmania, two",
,the  percentage  of  recycled  plastic  content  will  be  reduced.
"at  the  Koroit  site,  one  at  Port  Melbourne  site,  one  at  the",
,The  Group’s  investment  of  $14  million  to  establish  in-house
"Morwell  site  in  Victoria,  and  one  at  the  Salsbury  site  in",
,production  of  bottles  will  enable  it  to  increase  the  use  of
South Australia. No fines were issued in respect of these,
,recycled content in the future. Almost 90% of total packaging
breaches.,
,"in 
the  2024  calendar  year  was 
reusable, 
recyclable  or"
"• 
A  transitional  environmental  program  is  open,  with  the",compostable and the Group increased the recycled content
Group  managing  and  reducing  dust  at  the  Tolga  site  in,of its packaging by 5% over the same period.
Queensland.,
,Ethical sourcing
"The  Group 
resolved 
all 
remaining 
informal 
and 
formal",
,The  Group  seeks  to  build  trust  and  meet  customer  and
complaints  received  in  relation  to  environmental  issues  and,
,consumer  expectations  by  ensuring  that  ethical  sourcing
no further action was required of the Group by regulators in,
,"practices  are  promoted 
throughout 
the  supply  chain. 
In"
respect of these issues.,
,"FY2025,  the  Group  updated 
its  Ethical  Sourcing  Policy  to"
"In  addition,  during  FY2025, 
the  Group  complied  with  all","extend 
these 
requirements  and 
to  support 
the  Group’s"
"statutory 
environmental 
reporting 
requirements 
and","Supplier  Responsible  Sourcing  Code,  which  details 
the"
continues  to  monitor  and  report  energy  consumption  and,minimum standards for suppliers. New vendors onboarded in
greenhouse gas emissions to the relevant authorities.,"FY2025 were risk assessed against these requirements, those"
,"that  the  Group 
identified  as  high-risk  were  subsequently"
,
Sustainability program,"registered  with  a  globally 
recognised  human 
rights  data"
,exchange  database.  There  were  two  business-critical  non-
Outlined  below  are  the  key  deliverables  in  FY2025  from  the,conformances  arising  from  audits  of  high-risk  suppliers  this
Group’s  sustainability  strategy  –  Better  Future.  The  2025,"year, both of which await auditor review."
"Sustainability  Report,  the  Corporate  Governance  Statement,",
"the  Bega  Respect  Statement,  the  APCO  Annual  Report  and",Nutrition
"Action  Plan,  Workplace  Gender  and  Equality  Agency  Report",
,The Group is committed to providing great-tasting nutritious
and  the  Modern  Slavery  Statement  provide  further  details.,
,"products  for  all 
life  stages  and  to  clearly  communicating"
These documents are published on the Group’s website.,
,"nutrition 
information 
for 
informed,  healthy  choices.  The"
,approach is informed by the Australian Dietary Guidelines 2013
Governance,
,and the Group participates in Australia’s voluntary Health Star
During  FY2025  the  Risk  and  Sustainability  Committee  (RSC),Rating System for front-of-pack labelling. Health Star Ratings
met  four  times  to  oversee  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness,"now appear on over 75% of the labels of the Group’s milk, milk"
of  the  Group’s  sustainability  performance  and  consider  its,"beverages,  yoghurt,  drinks  and  peanut  butter  products. 
In"

=== Table 3 (page 27) ===
"FY2025, the Group launched Farmers Union Gut Good Yogurt,",risk identification and the rollout of business wide education
"which promotes a healthy gut biome, and a range of protein",on this matter.
"products 
including:  Dare  Protein  Double  Espresso  with  45",
"grams of protein, Farmers Union Iced Coffee with 36 grams of",Climate-related financial disclosures
protein and Dairy Farmers Protein Smoothie+ with 30 grams of,In FY2026 the Group is required to disclose information about
protein and prebiotics.,climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably
,"be expected to have a material impact over the short, medium"
Employee health and wellbeing,
,or  long  term.  These  mandatory  reporting  requirements  are
This  year  the  Group  launched  the  Bega  Wellbeing  Strategy,"set out in AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures, a mandatory"
"and  Bega  Wellbeing  Program.  The  strategy  has  taken 
into","standard  for  certain  entities  to  apply 
in  accordance  with"
consideration  the  total  cost  of  absence  across  the  Group,requirements that are set out in the Corporations Act 2001.
and  feedback  from  the  Group’s  team  members.  The  Group,
,In  preparation  for  this  mandatory  reporting  the  Group  has
"has identified four foundational pillars of wellbeing: emotional,",
,completed  a  risk  and  opportunity  assessment  across  two
"physical,  financial,  and  social.  The  Wellbeing  Program 
is",
,climate  scenarios.  Each  climate  scenario  considers  both
key  to  intervening  early  to  ensure  team  members  and  their,
,"physical and transition risks over short, medium and long term"
families remain healthy now and into the future. The Wellbeing,
,"time  frames  defined  as  2030,  2040  and  2050  respectively."
"Program methodology and design follows the wellbeing wheel,",
,The  Group  used  two  Shared  Socioeconomic  Pathways  (SSP)
"promoting,  preventing, 
intervening  early 
and 
supporting",
,1-1.9 and SSP 3-7.0 as the basis for climate modelling.
recovery  for  good  health  and  wellbeing.  New  programs  and,
"services 
including  a  health,  safety  and  wellbeing  platform,",
,The risk and opportunity assessment evaluated six key physical
"health  checks,  health  coaching,  creating  mentally  healthy",
,"climate  risks:  cyclones,  flooding,  heat  stress,  water  stress,"
workplaces  and  financial  planning  education  have  all  been,
,bushfires and sea level rise. The Group also considered value
rolled  out  successfully  across  the  Group.  The  Group  has,
,"chain  components,  including  factories,  logistics,  customers,"
created  a  wellbeing  champion  network  to  foster  a  positive,
,"consumers  and  key 
ingredients  both 
internationally  and"
culture where people feel supported and connected with the,
,domestically.
resources they need.,
,The  findings  from  this  assessment  will  provide  a  strategic
The Group reports annually to the Workplace Gender Equality,
,foundation  to  evaluate  potential  climate-related  impacts  to
Agency  (WGEA)  against  the  standardised  gender  equality,
,the business and ensure that the Group is able to conduct a
"indicators, 
in 
accordance  with 
requirements  under 
the",
,compliant materiality assessment in FY2026. Compliance with
Workplace  Gender  Equality  Act  2012  (Cth).  The  Group  is  a,
,AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures remains on the Group’s
"signatory to the HESTA 40:40 Vision, an investor-led initiative",
,Board approved Risk Appetite Statement and climate-related
to achieve gender balance in executive leadership across all,
,risk is included in the updated risk management framework.
ASX300  companies  by  2030.  The  Group  has  committed  to,
reach the 40:40 Vision target of 40% women on the Executive,
"Leadership Team and Board: 20% by 2024, 30% by 2027, and",
40% by 2030.,
Supporting farmer suppliers,
"To  June  2025,  the  Group  has  invested  $3.5  million  in  grant",
support  through  the  Better  Farms  Program  across  all  milk,
"supply regions, including funding of projects in best practice",
"adoption 
for 
animal  welfare,  effluent  management, 
and",
"irrigation and water management improvement. This year, the",
Group reviewed the Better Farms Program to include initiatives,
to  better  support  its  dairy  farmers  in  the  transition  to  a  low,
carbon  economy  and  to  include  learnings  from  the  work  of,
the Bega Circular Valley Project. The Group surveyed 192 farms,
"across Australia to identify resource efficiency opportunities,",
improve  profitability  and  enhance  ecological  outcomes  and,
analysed the results of that survey. The survey also helps to,
measure and understand the Group’s scope 3 greenhouse gas,
emissions ahead of mandatory reporting.,
Modern slavery prevention,
The  Group  publishes  its  Modern  Slavery  Statement  annually,
"in  December,  in  compliance  with  section  13  of  the  Modern",
Slavery Act 2018 (Cth) and section 24 of the Modern Slavery,
Act 2018 (NSW). During FY2025 the Modern Slavery Working,
"Group,  consisting  of  a  cross-functional  group  of  executives",
"and senior managers, met monthly to oversee the delivery of",
the Group’s Modern Slavery Action Plan and to assess current,
and emerging risks within the Group’s supply chain. This year,
"the working group focused on policy development, category",