=== Page 4 ===
Message 
from our 
Chairman
We are pleased to present 
Bellevue Gold’s 2025 
Sustainability Report, 
outlining the progress we 
have made in advancing 
our sustainability 
commitments during FY25.
FY25 has been a year of both 
achievement and challenges. While we 
successfully completed construction 
and transitioned into steady-state 
production at the Bellevue Gold Project, 
we did not meet our original production 
guidance for the year. We acknowledge, 
and share, the disappointment this 
will cause our stakeholders. Mining 
and pouring gold is what we do, and 
this underpins all of our sustainability 
plans, and therefore we must – and 
already are – getting back on track 
with production. However, in terms 
of sustainability focused initiatives, 
FY25 has been a watershed year. We 
achieved several major sustainability 
milestones — securing a green premium 
for our responsibly produced gold, 
finishing the construction of the wind 
turbines and achieving net zero (Scope 1 
and Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions 
at the Bellevue Gold Project for the first 
half of the 2025 calendar year. 1
These outcomes reflect the core 
of Bellevue Gold’s vision “To be a 
sustainable gold mining company that 
enriches our shareholders, community 
and people” and our purpose 
“To create a high-performance 
organisation that delivers superior 
shareholder value, positive ESG 
outcomes and an environment for our 
people to thrive”. During FY25, we completed the 
construction and commissioning of four 
wind turbines, adding an additional 24 
MW of renewable energy capacity to our 
power station. Our hybrid power station 
is already among the most renewably 
powered off-grid energy systems in 
the Australian mining sector. The hybrid 
power station is forecast to provide more 
than 80% renewable energy penetration 
on an annualised basis in FY26, which 
would make the Bellevue Gold Project 
the most renewably powered off-grid 
mine in Australia. 2 
Following the commissioning of the 
wind turbines in June 2025, Bellevue 
Gold is regularly operating with more 
than 90% renewable energy in a day, 
with some days even running with 100% 
renewable energy (with engines off) 
over a 24-hour period. In fact, we ran 
the entire mine site on 100% renewable 
energy for a 58-hour period in June 
2025, and then beat that record with  
a 84-hour period of 'engines off' in  
August 2025.
We are also proud to announce that 
we have secured a green premium 
on small volumes of gold sold during 
FY25, validating our efforts to ensure 
traceability, emissions reduction and 
sustainability. This long-term goal has 
been realised by collaborating with 
our partners at the ABC Refinery and 
by recently becoming a Single Mine 
Origin (SMO) member mine. SMO is an 
initiative that ensures full traceability, 
ethical provenance, and sustainability 
for every ounce of gold produced - 
from only four gold mines selected 
by SMO. Bellevue Gold is very proud 
to be working with ABC Refinery and 
SMO. The successful sales at a green 
premium demonstrate that there 
is growing demand for responsibly 
produced ‘green gold’. ABC Refinery 
and SMO have enabled sales of gold 
to both jewellers and bullion buyers. 
We have sustained momentum in other 
key areas. Indigenous employment is 
at 6.4% and women comprise 31.2% of 
our workforce - both metrics are above 
industry averages for the Australian 
mining sector. We have deepened 
our partnership with the Tjiwarl (Aboriginal Corporation) RNTBC and 
continue to uphold the commitments 
we made under our Native Title 
Agreement. Our supply chain due 
diligence and modern slavery reviews 
have expanded in scope – including 
releasing the inaugural Modern Slavery 
Statement in late 2024.
We were honoured to be recognised at 
the 2025 Decarbonising Mining Awards, 
held as part of the Energy and Mines 
conference in May 2025. Bellevue 
Gold received the 'Excellence in ESG 
by a Mining Company (Recognition 
of Excellence)' award—an important 
acknowledgment of the progress we 
have made.
FY25 tested our resilience, but it also 
reaffirmed our long-term commitment 
to sustainability. We remain steadfast  
in our sustainability commitments  
and remain focused on delivering 
enduring value through responsible 
gold production.
To our employees, shareholders, 
communities, and partners - we thank 
you for your support.
Kevin Tomlinson  
Non-Executive Chairman  
Bellevue Gold Limited
1. Refer to the section titled ‘Net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions achieved at the 
Bellevue Gold Project’ on page 69 for further information.
2. Subject to the mine’s power demand and seasonality of the solar and wind resources. Based on off-grid 
mines with on-site renewable energy generation in Australia as reported to the Clean Energy Regulator.
4INTRODUCTION CLIMATE AND  
ENVIRONMENT
5OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES  RESPONSIBLE  
B U S I N E S S

=== Page 5 ===
Bellevue Gold Limited (ASX: BGL) is listed on the 
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and is focused 
on gold exploration and production. The Company is 
headquartered in West Perth, Western Australia (WA) 
and employs approximately 230 employees and  
approximately 950 contractors.
Bellevue Gold operates the high-
grade Bellevue Gold Project, located 
40km to the north-west of Leinster 
in the Goldfields region of Western 
Australia. The Project is currently one of 
the highest-grade gold deposits in any 
global Tier 1 jurisdiction and has been 
designed with a significant component 
of renewable energy generation. 
During FY25, we successfully 
commissioned four 6 MW Goldwind 
GW165 wind turbines and achieved net 
zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse 
gas emissions at the Bellevue Gold 
Project for the first half of the 2025 
calendar year 1.The Bellevue Gold Project operates 
with a processing plant using 
conventional three-stage crushing, 
grinding, gravity, and leaching circuits. 
More information about the Bellevue 
Gold Project, including Resources and 
Reserves, is published on our website .
In addition to ongoing exploration 
at the Bellevue Gold Project, the 
Company has a regional exploration 
program. The regional tenement 
package covers approximately 
2,160km 2 (with ~970 km 2 of granted 
tenements and ~1,200 km 2 of 
tenements under application).  
The regional tenement package 
includes the Kathleen Valley Project 
and the Yandal Project, each 100% 
owned by Bellevue Gold. 
1. Refer to the section titled ‘Net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions achieved at the 
Bellevue Gold Project’ on page 69 for further information.About Bellevue Gold
Bellevue Gold
ProjectWESTERN AUSTRALIAPort Headland
Karatha
Exmouth
Geraldton
Bunbury
AlbanyEsperanceNorsemanKambaldaLeonoraLavertonLeinsterWilunaNewman
SandstoneMeekatharra
Mount
Magnet
Northam
PerthPort Headland
Karatha
Exmouth
Geraldton
Bunbury
AlbanyEsperanceNorsemanKambaldaLeonoraLavertonLeinsterWilunaNewman
SandstoneMeekatharra
Mount
Magnet
NorthamKalgoorlieKalgoorlieKalgoorlieBroomeBroomeFIGURE 1  
MAP OF BELLEVUE GOLD AND TOWNS  
IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA
6 7
OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES  RESPONSIBLE  
BUSINESSINTRODUCTION CLIMATE AND  
ENVIRONMENT

=== Page 9 ===
In FY24, we undertook a 
double materiality 
assessment to identify, 
assess and prioritise the 
key financial, societal and 
environmental impacts, 
risks and opportunities 
relevant to the Company. Materiality
CLIMATE &  
ENVIRONMENTPASSION  |  ACCOUNTABILITY  |  CARE  |  EXCELLENCE
We are adapting our 
business to the 
challenges associated 
with climate change. The 
achievement of net zero 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2) 
greenhouse gas 
emissions for the 
Bellevue Gold Project for 
H1 CY25 1 is a potential 
competitive advantage 
for Bellevue Gold. Our 
environmental approach 
is based on minimal 
impact and biodiversity 
conservation.Our passionate people 
are key to Bellevue Gold. 
We provide a safe, 
engaging and diverse 
culture where our 
people are celebrated, 
and their careers and 
wellbeing are prioritised.We pride ourselves on 
ensuring our 
communities are a 
fundamental part of our 
decision-making. Our 
partnership with the 
Tjiwarl (Aboriginal 
Corporation) RNTBC is a 
relationship based on 
care, transparency and 
opportunity. We aspire 
to build lasting 
community relations 
wherever we operate.Our business is 
underpinned by 
integrity, ethics and 
accountability. Our 
governance structure 
and frameworks are 
designed to ensure that 
risks are mitigated to the 
extent practicable. OUR PEOPLEOUR  
COMMUNITIESRESPONSIBLE  
BUSINESSOur 
Values
Our 
ApproachSustainability 
Pillars
Material 
Topics• Climate and energy
• Nature and biodiversity
• Tailings management
• Water stewardship• Health, safety and 
wellbeing
• Talent attraction and 
retention
• Diversity and inclusion • Indigenous engagement 
and heritage 
• Community relations and 
partnerships• Business integrity, risk and 
governance
The sustainability ethos is providing tangible benefits to Bellevue Gold and its stakeholders:
• Attracting and retaining passionate employees, creating an engaged workforce
• Lowering emissions and mitigating climate risks
• Decreased operating costs that potentially provide for higher returns to shareholders
• Increased investor reach as investors seek to decarbonise their investment portfolios
• Increased revenue potential through the sale of ‘green gold’BenefitsThe methodology followed GRI’s 
guidance for determining material 
topics and includes material topics 
identified by the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  
in their Metals & Mining standard.  
The outputs of the materiality 
assessment were used to inform the 
development of our sustainability 
strategy and risk management 
processes, while providing the 
foundation of our sustainability 
disclosures. 
The FY24 material topics were 
carried forward this year. In FY25 we 
did not identify any changes to the 
Company's material topics since our 
previous materiality assessment. We 
aim to conduct a comprehensive 
materiality assessment every two 
to three years, or as the business 
changes.
For reference to the material  
topics, please refer to the  
2024 Sustainability Repor t. Sustainability  
Framework
1.  Refer to the section titled ‘Net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions achieved at the Bellevue Gold Project’ on page 69 for further information.
15
OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES  RESPONSIBLE  
BUSINESS 14INTRODUCTION CLIMATE AND  
ENVIRONMENT

=== Page 11 ===
Climate  
and energy
WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT
Responding to climate change is a global challenge. We agree with the intent of the 
Paris Agreement and have achieved net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse gas 
emissions at the Bellevue Gold Project for the first half of the 2025 calendar year 1.  
We consider this achievement as important to enhancing our resilience, delivering 
long-term value and strengthening our competitive advantage. We also see a 
strategic opportunity to differentiate our product by marketing ‘green gold’ –  
which has attracted a premium sale price.
OUR APPROACH
Oversight of our climate change 
strategy rests with the Board, which 
has delegated responsibility for its 
development to the Health, Safety and 
Sustainability Committee (HSSC). Our 
Climate Change Policy is published 
on our website and describes how we 
align our business activities with the 
goals of the Paris Agreement, including 
the ambition to limit global warming 
to 1.5°C.
As part of our approach to responding 
to climate change, we report against 
the recommendations of the Task 
Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). This is disclosed 
throughout this section of the report 
and disclosed comprehensively in 
the ESG Data Pack. In future years, 
Bellevue Gold intends to report its 
climate change matters in accordance 
with the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS), which 
are based on the International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) 
standards on climate change.Renewable energy 
Our climate change strategy  
prioritises the use of renewable  
energy and energy-efficient 
technologies to reduce our 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
This is underpinned by our long-term 
Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) 
with Zenith Energy Operations Pty Ltd 
(Zenith Energy) for the power station. 
This facility has been designed to 
supply a very high level of renewable 
energy, with a total installed capacity 
of 90 MW. Zenith Energy operates and 
maintains the power station.  
The power station supplies all 
electricity required for the mining 
and processing activities and the 
accommodation village, with the 
current average load of ~12 MW. 
The power station comprises of a 
combination of wind, solar, gas and 
diesel, along with a Battery Energy 
Storage Solution (BESS), synchronous 
condenser and microgrid controller. 
Installation of the gas-fired engines 
was completed in CY24 with the 
engines providing reliable  
baseload power. A key focus during the year has been 
the installation of four wind turbines. 
Earthworks were completed in 2024, 
with delivery and installation of the 
Goldwind GW165 turbines occurring in 
mid 2025. All four wind turbines were 
operational at the end of FY25. Each 
turbine is rated to 6 MW, contributing 
an additional 24 MW of renewable 
energy capacity to the power station.
Early in FY25, we successfully 
commissioned the final 7 MW of solar 
modules, and now the solar farm is fully 
operational with a capacity of 27 MW. 
To support higher levels of renewable 
energy integration and enable 
‘engine-off’ operations, a BESS has 
been installed, to store excess energy 
generated by solar or wind. This 
enhances system stability and enables 
greater use of renewable energy 
across the site.
1.  Refer to the section titled ‘Net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions achieved at the Bellevue Gold Project’ on page 69 for further information.
18 19
OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITIES  RESPONSIBLE  
BUSINESSINTRODUCTION CLIMATE AND  
ENVIRONMENT