=== Table 1 (page 41) ===
Navigating our disclosures,,,,
,,,,Supplementary
,,Our response,,information
,,This Report: Corporate,,
,This Report: Operating,Governance Statement,This Report: Financial,Climate Transition
TCFD recommended disclosures,and Financial Review,& Remuneration Report,Statements,Action Plan 2024
,Governance: Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.1,,,
a)  Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related,Pages 30 and 40,Pages 87 to 100,–,–
risks and opportunities,,,,
b)  Describe management’s role in assessing and,Page 30,Pages 96 to 100,–,–
managing climate-related risks and opportunities,,,,
,"Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning",,,
where such information is material.,,,,
a)  Describe the climate-related risks and,Pages 44 to 48,–,Pages 148 to 151,Recommended
opportunities the organisation has identified over,Pages 66 to 71,,,disclosures (a) & (b):
"the short, medium, and long term",,,,
,,,,Pages 10 to 182
,,,,Pages 19 to 30
b)  Describe the impact of climate-related risks and,Pages 39 to 53,–,Pages 148 to 151,
"opportunities on the organisation’s businesses,",Pages 66 to 71,,,Recommended
"strategy, and financial planning",,,,disclosures (b) & (c):
,,,,Pages 31 to 38
"c)   Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy,",Pages 46 to 48,–,Pages 148 to 151,
,,,,Page 61
taking into consideration different climate-related,,,,
"scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario",,,,Page 62
,"Risk Management: Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.",,,
a)  Describe the organisation’s processes for,Pages 25 and 26,–,–,–
identifying and assessing climate-related risks,Pages 44 and 45,,,
b)  Describe the organisation’s processes for,Pages 25 and 26,–,–,–
managing climate-related risks,Pages 44 and 45,,,
"c)   Describe how processes for identifying, assessing,",Pages 25 and 26,–,–,–
and managing climate-related risks are integrated into,,,,
the organisation’s overall risk management,,,,
,Metrics and Targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.,,,
a)   Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to,Pages 48 to 53,Pages 104 to 112,–,–
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in,,,,
line with its strategy and risk management process,,,,
"b)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate,",Pages 48 to 53,–,–,–
"Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks",,,,
c)   Describe the targets used by the organisation to,Pages 48 to 53,–,–,–
manage climate-related risks and opportunities,,,,
and performance against targets,,,,
1.,"‘Risks and opportunities’ is the language adopted in the TCFD recommended disclosures, while under our Risk Framework we regard ‘risks’ as comprising both threats and opportunities.",,,
2.  Refer to the updates in Pathways to our medium-term target and long-term net zero goal and Key changes to our projected pathway to our medium-term target and potential pathways to,,,,
our long-term net zero goal since CTAP 2024 in this OFR 9.8.,,,,

=== Table 2 (page 42) ===
Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions,Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) –
from our operated assets),Overall
"Reduce operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 
Medium-term","We have a long-term goal of net zero Scope 3 emissions 
Long-term"
"2 emissions from our operated assets) by at least 
target:","by CY2050. Achievement of this goal is uncertain, 
net zero goal:"
30 per cent by FY2030 from an FY2020 baseline.,particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway
,for our customers in steelmaking and we cannot ensure
"Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 
Long-term",
,the outcome alone.
"and 2 emissions from our operated assets) by CY2050.
net zero goal:",

=== Table 3 (page 42) ===
"40
BHP Annual Report 2025",
9  Sustainability continued,
,– We also began studies and engagements to trial and test methane
Climate-related governance,
,gas extraction techniques for our open-cut metallurgical coal mining
Climate change and climate transition planning is a material governance and,
,operations with potential to reduce the fugitive emissions that occur
"strategic issue for BHP, our Board and management as described in OFR 9.2.",
,when methane contained within and near coal seams is released during
,the mining process.
For more information on our governance of climate-related matters,
including risks (threats and opportunities) refer to our Corporate,"–
In FY2025, we continued construction of a boiler diesel displacement"
Governance Statement and Remuneration Report,"solution at Escondida, planned to commence operating in FY2026."
,This solution will replace diesel-fired boilers with a heat source
,
Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2,(combining a thermo-solar and electric boiler solution) that does not
,generate any GHG emissions from operation of the boiler or generation
emissions from our operated assets),
,of its electricity supply due to Escondida’s 100 per cent renewable
Performance and highlights,energy PPAs. We also expect to commence construction of the same
– Based on what we know today and using current methodologies for,type of solution at Spence during FY2026.
"GHG emission accounting, we remain on track to meet our medium-term",
,– We also continued the operational trial of our first electric Liebherr R9400
target to reduce operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions,
,excavator at WAIO’s Yandi mine and increased our understanding of the
from our operated assets) by at least 30 per cent by FY2030 from an,
,potential changes to operations required for larger-scale deployments.
FY2020 baseline (baseline year and performance data adjusted; for,
,– We partially met our FY2025 social value scorecard Decarbonisation
more information on the adjustments we make refer to Climate-related,
,pillar milestone to ‘commence proof-of-concept trials for battery-electric
"metrics, targets and goals in this OFR 9.8). We have not used carbon",
,equipment in collaboration with original equipment manufacturers’ through
credits or applied offsetting in our assessment that we are on track to,
,the preparation of the Caterpillar (CAT) Early Learner battery-electric haul
meet our medium-term target.,
,"truck trial, planned for commencement in FY2026. We expect delivery"
"– For FY2025, our operational GHG emissions were 36 per cent lower",
,"of the battery-electric locomotives in FY2026, followed by commissioning"
"than our FY2020 baseline, a further 4 percent improvement against",
,and the commencement of trials. These are important activities to enable
our FY2020 baseline compared to 32 per cent in FY2024 (baseline,
,our progress towards diesel displacement and the electrification of
year and performance data adjusted). Operational GHG emissions in,
,vehicles and mining equipment to continue despite broader delays in
"FY2025 were 8.7 MtCO2-e, which is 5 per cent less than operational",
,"the development of diesel displacement technology, as discussed below."
emissions of 9.2 MtCO2-e in FY2024 (performance data adjusted).1,
,"–
In addition to our existing partnerships with Caterpillar and Komatsu, we"
Emissions reductions were largely driven by Western Australia Nickel,
,"have announced an exploration of opportunities with XCMG, CATL and"
operations going into temporary suspension and ongoing Power Purchase,
,BYD for the supply of electric mining equipment and the latest in battery
Agreements (PPAs) in execution. For more information on the calculation,
,"technology for mining equipment, locomotives, light vehicles and battery"
of our operational GHG emissions data and energy consumption data refer,
,storage systems.
"to Climate-related metrics, targets and goals in this OFR 9.8.",
,"–
In July 2019, we committed to establishing a Climate Investment"
– Our total operational energy consumption decreased by 7 per cent,
,Program (CIP) by investing at least US$400 million over its five-year life
"from FY2024, largely due to the temporary suspension of Western",
,to scale-up low emissions technologies that can help decarbonise our
Australia Nickel.,
,"operations, drive investment in nature-based solutions, and encourage"
– Our Chilean operations are on track to achieve 100 per cent renewable,
,further collective action on Scope 3 emissions. The CIP commenced in
"electricity use in CY2025, as they have each calendar year since CY2022.",
,"July 2020 and finished in June 2025. During that time, BHP spent more"
"–
In FY2025, we signed a new seven-year PPA to achieve 100 per cent",than US$400 million on decarbonisation projects across operational
"renewable energy at BMA from FY2027, based on forecasted operational","GHG emissions, value chain decarbonisation and climate-related"
electricity demand and when combined with another renewable PPA,BHP Ventures investments.
signed in 2023.,
– We commenced our planned drilling program at BMA during FY2025 to,
obtain a deeper understanding of methane quality and quantity (in both,
magnitude and density). This is earlier than outlined in our CTAP 2024,
(FY2026/27).,
Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions,Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) –
from our operated assets),Overall
"Reduce operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 
Medium-term","We have a long-term goal of net zero Scope 3 emissions 
Long-term"
"2 emissions from our operated assets) by at least 
target:","by CY2050. Achievement of this goal is uncertain, 
net zero goal:"
30 per cent by FY2030 from an FY2020 baseline.,particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway
,for our customers in steelmaking and we cannot ensure
"Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 
Long-term",
,the outcome alone.
"and 2 emissions from our operated assets) by CY2050.
net zero goal:",
"Performance, adjusted","Performance, adjusted"
MtCO2-e,MtCO2-e

=== Table 4 (page 44) ===
9  Sustainability continued,
– The commercial operations of the Port Hedland solar farm and battery,
,Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions)
"energy storage system (BESS), which connects to the existing",
,Value chain
Port Hedland power station and supplies WAIO’s port facilities under,
"a PPA, commenced in July 2025 following completion of construction",Approach
activities in CY2024.,"For FY2025, our reported Scope 3 emissions inventory (unadjusted inventory)"
– While the key changes to our projected and potential decarbonisation,increased by 0.1 per cent from FY2024.2 This was largely driven by reported
"pathways are the timeline deferrals described above, the potential variability",GHG emission increases in Category 10 ‘Processing of sold products’
around the scale and timing of abatement as we progress towards our,(specifically iron ore processing to crude steel). Our reported Scope 3
goal of net zero by CY2050 (shown in Figure 1.2 of our CTAP 2024 as,emissions inventory remains dominated by the processing of our iron ore
the ‘range of uncertainty’) also increases. This is due to greater uncertainty,and steelmaking coal products (84 per cent). The combustion of energy
of technology and commercial readiness of diesel displacement options,"coal (10 per cent), the GHG emissions associated with our direct suppliers"
as well as our additional insights into the operational integration challenges,(3 per cent) and the shipping of our products (2 per cent) also contribute.
presented by a change as complex and far-reaching as large-scale,For more information on the calculation of our reported Scope 3 emissions
electrification. Operational integration challenges include safety-related,"inventory refer to Climate-related metrics, targets and goals in this OFR 9.8."
"risks associated with high-voltage direct current batteries, integration",The planned closure of our Mt Arthur Coal mine by FY2030 is likely to
"of cable management of tethered equipment, inter-operability challenges",result in Scope 3 Category 11 emissions (which includes GHG emissions
"between different voltages, requirements for integration with automation,","from the end use of products sold by the reporting company, such as"
and the extent of workforce skills and training required.,the combustion of energy coal) becoming an insignificant source in our
,reported Scope 3 emissions inventory.
Capital allocation,
,We do not anticipate significant reductions in our reported Scope 3
Capital allocation towards operational GHG emission reduction projects is,emissions inventory in the near term. This is partly due to the way we
considered as part of the maintenance capital category within our Capital,"estimate some Scope 3 emissions categories, particularly Category"
"Allocation Framework (CAF) (described in OFR 3), along with other forms","10 processing of sold products, which is generally not supplier- or"
"of risk reduction, asset integrity, compliance and major, minor and sustaining",customer-specific and therefore would not reflect the GHG emission
projects intended to preserve the ability to generate value at our operated,reductions they achieve. We are looking for ways to improve the data
assets. This enables consideration of a risk assessment across qualitative,we use and have included this as part of our strategy. As we progress
"and quantitative criteria relevant to each capital allocation decision. However,",opportunities to reduce Scope 3 emissions associated with processing of
an important principle within the CAF prioritises operational GHG emission,"sold products, a more granular and customer-specific reporting methodology"
reduction projects prior to organic development and the other options for,is expected to enable us to reflect GHG emission reductions resulting
excess cash flow (shown in OFR 3) where they are critical in supporting the,from changes we may make to the quality of our products or from lower
achievement of our operational GHG emissions medium-term target and,"GHG emission processing routes, including as enabled by our investments"
long-term net zero goal. Individual operational GHG emission reduction,in the development of lower GHG emission steelmaking pathways.
"projects must justify the investment based on abatement efficiency,",
,We have seen improvements associated with data availability associated
"technology readiness, maturity, operational impact and relative economics.",
,"with shipping through our use of the Veracity data platform. In FY2025,"
Operational GHG emission reduction projects are incorporated into,we enhanced our Scope 3 emissions accounting and reporting by improving
"our corporate planning processes that include review of our mine plans,",the collection of fuel consumption data for BHP-chartered shipping of our
which are critical to creating alignment across BHP. These processes,"products, including GHG emissions from transhipment of our products on"
"guide the development of plans, targets and budgets to help us decide",containerised freight and the deployment of emissions tracking and reporting
where to deploy our capital and resources. We have several Investment,mechanisms with vessel owners. Customer-specific and supplier-specific
Review Committees that assist our decision-makers with review of proposed,granular data is a key enabler for greater transparency of actual Scope 3
"investments. The appropriate Investment Review Committee, based on",emissions as well as value chain decarbonisation projects.
"investment size and any complexity elements, provides endorsement for",
,Our strategy to support reduction of GHG emissions in our value chain
whether to progress operational GHG emission reduction projects based,
,has four primary focus areas:
on qualitative and quantitative measures. Our Quarterly Business Review,
forums in each region also review and update strategic direction and tactical,"–
support the development and adoption of GHG emissions intensity"

=== Table 5 (page 44) ===
,granular data is a key enabler for greater transparency of actual Scope 3
"investments. The appropriate Investment Review Committee, based on",emissions as well as value chain decarbonisation projects.
"investment size and any complexity elements, provides endorsement for",
,Our strategy to support reduction of GHG emissions in our value chain
whether to progress operational GHG emission reduction projects based,
,has four primary focus areas:
on qualitative and quantitative measures. Our Quarterly Business Review,
forums in each region also review and update strategic direction and tactical,"–
support the development and adoption of GHG emissions intensity"
progress on operational GHG emission reduction. Execution is monitored,reduction technologies in steelmaking
through periodic reporting to senior leaders and project sponsors on key,"–
enhance the quality of the iron ore and steelmaking coal we produce (as the"
performance indicators.,GHG emissions intensity of conventional blast furnace steelmaking can be
"For FY2025, our incremental capital expenditure, operating expenditure",reduced by improving the quality of the iron ore and steelmaking coal used)
and lease payments on initiatives associated with operational GHG emission,"–
encourage direct suppliers to pursue net zero for their operational"
reductions was approximately US$50 million.1,GHG emissions (direct suppliers’ Scopes 1 and 2 emissions)
"As indicated in our April 2025 Quarterly Operational Review and noted above,","–
support the development and adoption of GHG emission reduction"
"the pace of development of some decarbonisation technology has slowed,",technologies in shipping
particularly in the displacement of diesel used for materials movement.,

=== Table 6 (page 45) ===
For more information on actual and planned expenditure to support,"– Within the Electrochemical reduction pathway, our BHP Ventures portfolio"
value chain GHG emission reductions refer to Financial Statements,"company, Boston Metal, successfully commissioned a large-scale pilot"
note 16 ‘Climate change’,
,"using BHP iron ore fines and lump, producing iron metal using electrolysis"
,at tonnage scale and we made an additional investment into Boston Metal in
Our equity shares of operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2,
,June 2025. We also joined Electra’s series B funding round as it continues
emissions) from our non-operated joint venture interests are reported in,
,"to develop its low temperature electrolysis process. With successful pilots,"
our Scope 3 emissions inventory under Category 15 ‘Investments’ and,
,these solutions could help support our medium-term goal for steelmaking
are an immaterial source of Scope 3 emissions when compared to our,
,and our long-term net zero goal.
total FY2025 reported Scope 3 emissions inventory. We see our role in,
,– We continued to engage with our direct iron ore and steelmaking
non-operated assets as primarily to seek to influence them through their,
,coal customers on GHG emission reduction pathways and carbon
"governance structures to reduce their operational GHG emissions, as well",
,accounting methodologies.
as sharing decarbonisation knowledge and experience where appropriate.,

=== Table 7 (page 45) ===
as sharing decarbonisation knowledge and experience where appropriate.,
,Longer-term industry pathways and strategy
Steelmaking,
,"Our ambition is to help develop multiple technology pathways, as"
Performance and highlights,
,"described above, that can provide commercially feasible options for"
"–
In FY2025, under the Modified blast furnace pathway, we have",
,steelmakers in different regions. We prioritise projects based on scale of
"progressed pilots in China and Europe jointly with our partners, with",
,"impact, our ability to influence the outcomes and alignment with our assets"
carbon capture trials commenced at customer sites. We plan to share,
,and products. Our steelmaking decarbonisation program has four key
key trial results in FY2026. We also initiated new partnerships in,
,"components: collaborative partnerships with our customers, peers and"
"India, including studies to progress a next generation carbon capture",
,partners; directly funded research and development initiatives; early-stage
"demonstration with steelmaker JSW, and progressed low-carbon fuel",
,investments in breakthrough technology through BHP Ventures; and
installations (hydrogen injection to blast furnace) with Zenith Steel in,
,advocacy for standardisation and traceability throughout the value chain.
China with the plan for testing campaigns to operate in FY2026.,
,We aim to leverage our own funding through this program by attracting
"– Additionally, in August 2025 we announced our participation in an",and enabling investment (financial and in-kind) from our strategic partners.
"industry consortium comprising leading steelmakers ArcelorMittal,",
,We have collaborations and exchanges with 11 steel producers representing
"Nippon Steel India, JSW Steel, Hyundai Steel Company and other",
,22 per cent of reported global steel production according to recent World Steel
"value chain participants, Chevron and Mitsui & Co. Ltd, to undertake",
,Association data1 and US$171 million in committed funding to date2 (including
"a pre-feasibility study to assess the development of carbon capture,",
,BHP Ventures investments and based on figures as at 30 June 2025).
utilisation and storage (CCUS) hubs across Asia. The CCUS hub study,
is the first independent industry-led study of its kind in Asia and will,"For more information on our strategy, actions to support our value"
examine the technical and commercial pathways to utilising CCUS,chain and our plan to achieve our steelmaking medium-term goal refer
in hard-to-abate industries across Asia.,to pages 24 and 25 of our CTAP 2024 available at bhp.com/CTAP2024
"–
In FY2025, under the DRI-electric smelting furnace pathway, we",
,Direct suppliers
successfully trialled BHP iron ores in pellet and direct reduced iron,
"(DRI) production at two commercial plants in China. In one of these,",Performance and highlights
we achieved a lower emissions intensity in the trial (50 per cent lower iron,– We continued to engage with and encourage our top 500 direct suppliers
unit intensity replacing blast furnace iron in existing basic oxygen furnace,by spend to set their own operational GHG emissions targets or goals
steelmaking) than conventional blast furnace-basic oxygen furnace,(for their Scopes 1 and 2 emissions) to align with our Scope 3 long-term
"operation. Importantly, the trial demonstrated the use of BHP Pilbara",target to achieve net zero by CY2050 for the operational GHG emissions
"ores in pellet-shaft DRI production, which when combined with an electric",of our direct suppliers.
smelting furnace (ESF) has the potential to achieve 85 per cent emission,
,– We commenced a pilot with four strategic suppliers that represent
reductions compared with the conventional blast furnace. In FY2026 and,
,"5 per cent of our reported Scope 3, Category 1 emissions inventory to"
"FY2027, we plan to continue to support work to optimise the performance",
,assess the viability and scalability of sharing their product-level emissions
of pellet and DRI trials at higher BHP Pilbara ore ratios. We also confirmed,
,"data. This pilot seeks to improve our reported Scope 3, Category 1"
Kwinana in Western Australia as the location for the NeoSmelt ESF pilot,
,emissions inventory accuracy and ability to reflect GHG emissions
"with our partners BlueScope, Mitsui Iron Ore Development, Rio Tinto",
,reduction initiatives being implemented by our direct suppliers.
"and Woodside Energy, and advanced the project from pre-feasibility into",
"a final design phase. Subject to approvals, the NeoSmelt ESF project",– We are currently working to update the methodology we use to calculate
remains on track to be commissioned in the second half of CY2028,"our reported Scope 3, Category 1 emissions inventory to more accurately"
and begin demonstrating the system as a technically viable pathway.,reflect the GHG emissions associated with the products and services we
Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) –,Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) –
Steelmaking,Direct suppliers
"Support industry to develop steel production technology 
Medium-term","Achieve net zero by CY2050 for the operational 
Long-term"
"capable of 30 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity 
goal:","GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions) of 
net zero target:"
"relative to conventional blast furnace steelmaking, with",our direct suppliers.
widespread adoption expected post-CY2030.,
Performance,"Performance, adjusted"
US$ million financial value committed (cumulative) (excluding in-kind contributions),MtCO2-e

=== Table 8 (page 46) ===
9  Sustainability continued,
procure by improving the emissions factors used to calculate emissions,"– We continued to promote the adoption of lower GHG emissions fuels,"
and ultimately shifting to supplier-specific data for key products and,"such as biodiesel and LNG, across our trade routes. In FY2025, we"
"services. This may have a significant impact on our reported Scope 3,",doubled the volume of biodiesel used in our value chains compared to
Category 1 emissions inventory in future.,FY2024. We continued to scale our adoption of biodiesel blends (i.e.
,"B24, B30) and pure biodiesel (i.e. B100), adding bunkering at strategic"
Industry pathways and strategy,"locations, such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Panama. The biodiesel that"
,BHP has used has been produced from feedstocks that recycle waste
"Our strategy targets the top 500 direct suppliers by spend, which",
,"products, such as used cooking oil and food waste. All biodiesel used"
contributed to 78 per cent of our FY2025 total spend on suppliers.,
,is accompanied by ‘Proof of Sustainability’ under a certification scheme.
"It encompasses three areas of focus – selective purchasing, supportive",
engagements and measurement and monitoring. Our selective purchasing,– We have awarded time charter contracts to China’s COSCO Shipping for
"approach sets a commercial requirement that, over time, a supplier",two ammonia dual-fuelled vessels for a duration of five years. We expect
must actively reduce its operational GHG emissions and/or maintain,the delivery of these vessels from CY2028. This will help us meet our
a competitive level of GHG emissions intensity for its product or service.,"First Movers Coalition commitment that, by CY2030, 10 per cent of our"
"Our supportive engagements intend to identify, assess and pursue",total products shipped to our customers on our time charter vessels
opportunities to partner with our direct suppliers to support their GHG,will be shipped using zero GHG emissions fuels.1 We continue to
emission reduction initiatives. Measurement and monitoring are also,"work with regulatory bodies, shipyards and other key stakeholders to"
"essential to assessing performance and advances being pursued, such",address the challenges for use of ammonia onboard vessels as well
as through climate-specific data clauses in some supplier contracts or,"as with participants across technical, commercial and supply assurance"
"participation in emission data exchanges, to help improve our ability to","aspects for the supply of electrolytic ammonia, commonly referred to"
report progress against our long-term net zero target for direct suppliers.,as ‘green ammonia’.

=== Table 9 (page 48) ===
"coupled with our Capital Allocation Framework, enables us to execute",
,"the assessment, the net present value of our portfolio modelled under"
our portfolio positioning decisions for the benefit of our stakeholders,
,our 1.5°C scenario was approximately the same as under the base
including shareholders.,
,"case of our planning range, indicating that we would be resilient in an"
,accelerated transition to this 1.5°C outcome. It is important to note this
For more information on our operational activities and our approach to,does not account for changes that could be made or actions that could
our value chain refer to Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2,
,"be taken if our 1.5°C scenario was to eventuate, such as harnessing new"
emissions from our operated assets) and Value chain GHG emissions,
,opportunities or mitigating potential financial impacts.
(Scope 3 emissions) in this OFR 9.8,
,"In FY2025, while we continued to consider our 1.5°C scenario in our"
For more information on potential financial statement impacts due,"strategy formation, we did not consider it as a sensitivity in capital"
to climate-related risks refer to Financial Statements note 16,
,allocation processes.
‘Climate change’,
,To provide further analysis of potential financial risks under a 1.5°C
,"scenario, we have also reviewed an external scenario published by"

=== Table 10 (page 50) ===
"Climate-related metrics, targets and goals",
Primary metrics we consider when assessing and managing climate-related risks (threats and opportunities),
Metric,Refer to
"Commodity production, revenue","– Commodity production, revenue and expenditure tables in BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2025"
and expenditure,available at bhp.com/ESGSD2025
Capital allocation and alignment,"–
Financial Statements note 16 ‘Climate change’ in this Report"
Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2,– Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) inventory table
emissions from our operated assets),in this OFR 9.8
Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions),– Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) inventory table in this OFR 9.8
"Production, reserves and resources",– Production and Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves in Additional Information 4 and 6 in this Report
Management’s Cash and Deferred Plan,– Remuneration Report in this Report
(proportion linked to climate),

=== Table 11 (page 51) ===
,"Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions): Operational control basis (MtCO2-e, unless otherwise indicated)",,,
,,FY2025,FY2024,FY2023
Total,Scope 1 emissions,7.4,8.1,8.0
operations,,,,
,Scope 2 emissions,1.3,1.9,1.9
basis,,,,
,Total operational GHG emissions,8.7,10.0,9.9
,Location-based Scope 2 emissions,3.1,3.7,3.8
,Operational GHG emissions intensity (tCO2-e per tonne of copper equivalent production),1.6,1.8,1.7
Notes,,,,

=== Table 12 (page 51) ===
"Downstream: Other (Categories 9, 15)","3.2
3.7
3.7"
Total Scope 3 emissions,"378.2
377.7
370.8"
Notes,
–  Definition: Scope 3 emissions refers to all other indirect GHG emissions (not included in,–  Assessing and comparing reductions in Scope 3 emissions should consider the impact
Scope 2) that occur in our value chain. Scope 3 emissions have been calculated using,that acquisitions and divestments have had.
methodologies consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain,–  Scope 3 emissions data includes GHG emissions for former OZ Minerals assets from the
(Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.,date of acquisition (completed on 2 May 2023). Former OZ Minerals Scope 3 emissions
"–  Organisational boundary: Category 10, Processing of sold products, Category 11,",data has not been included in certain categories and/or sub-categories of FY2023 and
"Use of sold products and Category 15, Investments all defined on an equity share basis.",FY2024 data due to data limitations. We estimate these GHG emissions to be immaterial.
All other Scope 3 emissions boundaries are defined on a category-by-category (and in,–  All Scope 3 emissions data includes divested operations only up to the completion date
"some cases, sub-category) basis due to data limitations. Scope 3 emissions reporting",or effective economic date (as applicable) of the divestment. Divestments include BMA’s
necessarily has a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our involvement at,divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed on 2 April 2024).
multiple points in the lifecycle of the commodities we produce and consume.,
,"–  Category 10, Processing of sold products does not include GHG emissions associated with"
–  Rounding: Data has been rounded to the nearest 0.1 MtCO2-e. Downstream: Other in,"downstream processing of our zinc, gold, silver, ethane, cobalt and uranium oxide products"
FY2024 has been rounded down for the purposes of this table.,"and, for FY2025, nickel, as production and sales volumes are relatively small and a large"
"–  Restatement: Category 15, Investments FY2024 reported value has been restated due to",range of possible end uses apply. We estimate these GHG emissions to be immaterial.
finalisation of electricity emissions calculations for the Kelar power plant. Previously reported,"–  Category 15, Investments covers the Scopes 1 and 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from"
"value was 1.2 MtCO2-e and restated value is 1.3 MtCO2-e as reflected in the Downstream,",entities in which we hold an interest that are not operated by BHP.
"Other (Categories 9,15) FY2024 value (not previously aggregated) and the Total Scope 3",
"emissions FY2024 value, which was previously reported as 377.6 MtCO2-e.",

=== Table 13 (page 52) ===
Operational GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets) medium-term target and long-term,
"net zero goal definitions, assumptions, adjustments and additional key details",
Description,Medium-term target: Reduce operational GHG emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels by FY2030
,Long-term net zero goal: Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by CY2050
Baseline year or,Medium-term target: Baseline year: FY2020 | Period: FY2020 to FY2030
reference year and period,
,"Long-term net zero goal: Reference year: FY2020. FY2020 is used as a reference year to track progress towards our goal,"
,but is not a baseline year for achieving our goal. | Period: FY2020 to CY2050
Type and reduction,Medium-term target: Type: Absolute | Reduction: Gross; At least 30 per cent
,Long-term net zero goal: Type: Absolute | Reduction: Net; 100 per cent
Boundary,Inventory boundary: Scopes 1 and 2 emissions: Operational control
Exclusions,Non-operated assets and equity investments (included in our value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) long-term net zero goal)
GHGs included,"CO2, CH4, N2O, HFC, PFC, SF6"
Offsetting,Medium-term target: Our plan is to achieve our medium-term target through structural GHG emissions abatement instead of
,offsetting our operational GHG emissions. We will not use carbon credits surrendered to meet regulatory obligations (i.e. those
,"used for compliance under regulatory schemes, such as Australia’s Safeguard Mechanism) to meet our target. In our projected"
,"pathway, we have not planned to use voluntary carbon credits to meet our medium-term target, but if there is an unanticipated"
,"shortfall in our pathway, we may use voluntary carbon credits that meet our integrity standards to close the performance gap."
,"Long-term net zero goal: Expected, to close the performance gap beyond our structural abatement. However, for the reasons"
,"outlined in this OFR 9.8, we are currently unable to estimate the contribution of carbon credits to our long-term net zero goal."
Measurement approach,Scope 1 emissions are calculated using emission factors and methodologies required under mandatory local regulatory programs
,"where BHP operates, including the National Greenhouse Energy and Reporting (NGER) scheme for Australian operations, Green"
,Tax legislation (referencing Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) emission factors) for Chilean operations and
,Canadian Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (referencing IPCC emission factors) for our Jansen potash project. In the absence
,"of mandatory local regulatory programs, the Australian NGER scheme emission factors and methodology are used. Scope 2"
,emissions are calculated using the market-based method using electricity emission factors sourced directly from the supplier
,"where available, as evidenced by Renewable Energy Certificates and/or supplier-provided documentation. Where supplier-specific"
,"emission factors are not available, a default location-based emission factor for electricity, as published in local regulations or"
,"industry frameworks, is used."
Key adjustments made to,Baseline year (for our target) and reference year (for our goal) and performance data have been adjusted for divestment of
baseline year or reference,"our interest in BMC (completed on 3 May 2022), divestment of our Petroleum business (merger with Woodside completed on"
year and subsequent data,"1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed on 2 April 2024), our acquisition of OZ Minerals"
,(completed on 2 May 2023) and for methodology changes (use of IPCC Assessment Report 5 (AR5) Global Warming Potentials
,and the transition to a facility-specific GHG emission calculation methodology for fugitives at Caval Ridge and Saraji South)
,(methodology change adjustments applicable for baseline year and reference year and FY2020 to FY2024 performance data).
"Performance, adjusted",FY2020: 13.6 MtCO2-e | FY2021: 13.8 MtCO2-e | FY2022: 10.2 MtCO2-e | FY2023: 9.1 MtCO2-e | FY2024: 9.2 MtCO2-e |
,FY2025: 8.7 MtCO2-e
Target or goal setting,Medium-term target: Our target is measured on a cumulative GHG emission basis against an overall carbon budget. The target
method,percentage reduction was established in FY2020 by applying the same rate of reduction to BHP’s GHG emissions as the rate
,at which the world’s GHG emissions would have to contract in order to meet the Paris Agreement goal to hold global average
,temperature increase to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels (known as the ‘absolute contraction method’).
,Long-term net zero goal: Our goal was developed with the ambition to achieve net zero for our operational GHG emissions by
,CY2050. Our progress against this goal will be measured on an absolute basis.
Target or goal derived,"Medium-term target: No, our target was derived using the absolute contraction method specified earlier. At the time of setting the"
using a sectoral,"target, there were no mining sector-specific pathways for jurisdictions where we operate."
decarbonisation approach,
,"Long-term net zero goal: No, however our goal is consistent with the global net zero ambition."
Process for reviewing,"The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation from the Nomination"
the setting of the target,"and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate transition planning, public sustainability goals"
or goal,and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We review our GHG emissions targets and goals as part of the periodic
,"development of an updated CTAP, or more frequently if required."
Process for monitoring,"Monitored on an annual basis through our business planning processes, which forecast operational GHG emissions and identify"
progress towards the,"planned, proposed or potential GHG emission reduction projects out to CY2050. As part of this process, an internal GHG"
target or goal,"emissions target is set for the relevant financial year and monitored through our annual reporting processes, with progress"
,reviewed by management and the Board as part of publication of our annual reporting disclosures. Our target is also monitored on
,"a six-monthly basis through our social value scorecard framework, with progress reviewed by management and the Board as part"
,"of publication of our half-year results (as well as annual reporting disclosures), or more frequently if required."
Third-party validation of,"No, but we obtain reasonable assurance over our externally reported performance against our target and goal."
our target or goal,
Carbon budget for target,Medium-term target: 126.9 MtCO2-e (FY2020 to FY20230). This reflects a linear reduction between our baseline year and
or goal period,"the target year. In the interim years before FY2030, we periodically refer to our carbon budget to assess our cumulative GHG"
,emissions against our carbon budget to FY2030. This enables us to determine if we are on track to achieve our medium-term
,target or whether we anticipate potential use of voluntary carbon credits to close any performance gap by FY2030 (which we
,do not currently anticipate).
,"Long-term net zero goal: For the period FY2020 to FY2030, refer to the carbon budget for our target. We do not currently use"
,a carbon budget for the period beyond FY2030.
Expected progression,Progress towards our target and goal is expected to be non-linear and affected by organic changes in our production of commodities
,"and the availability, capability and competitiveness of low emissions technology."

=== Table 14 (page 53) ===
"Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) medium-term goals definitions, assumptions, adjustments and",
additional key details,
Description,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Support industry to develop steel production technology capable of 30 per cent lower GHG
,"emissions intensity relative to conventional blast furnace steelmaking, with widespread adoption expected post-CY2030."
,Shipping medium-term goal: Support 40 per cent GHG emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products.
Baseline year or,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Reference year: CY2020 (global average GHG emissions intensity for conventional blast furnace
"reference year, and period","steelmaking as at CY2020, being 2.2 tonnes of CO2 per tonne of crude steel. Source: IEA Iron and Steel Technology Roadmap"
,(October 2020)). CY2020 is used as a reference year to assess the potential of collaborative partnerships and venture capital
,investments to which we may commit funding (refer to Measurement approach in this table) but is not a baseline year for achieving
,our goal | Period: FY2020 to CY2030.
,Shipping medium-term goal: Baseline year: CY2008 (reflecting International Maritime Organisation (IMO) objectives for the
,shipping industry) | Period: CY2008 to CY2030.
Type and reduction,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Type: Not applicable | Reduction: Not applicable
,Shipping medium-term goal: Type: Intensity | Reduction: Gross; 40 per cent
Boundary,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
,Shipping medium-term goal:
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP, but chartered and paid for by BHP, where the"
,"transportation was of BHP-produced products sold by BHP. In some cases, the goal’s boundary may differ from the boundaries"
,under mandatory reporting.
,"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Category 4, shipping of BHP products only."
Exclusions,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
,Shipping medium-term goal:
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation owned, operated and/or chartered and paid for by a third party, where the"
,transportation was of BHP-produced products sold by BHP.
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP, where the"
,transportation was of third-party-produced products sold by BHP (pursuant to our third-party-trading activity).
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP or a third party,"
,where the transportation was of products purchased by BHP.
GHGs included,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
,"Shipping medium-term goal: CO2, CH4, N2O"
Offsetting,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
,Shipping medium-term goal: Not planned but will be periodically assessed
Measurement approach,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Committed funding (US$) for collaborative partnerships and venture capital investments with the
,aim to support industry to develop steel production technology capable of 30 per cent lower GHG emissions intensity relative to
,conventional blast furnace steelmaking.
,"Shipping medium-term goal: Average gCO2-e per deadweight tonne per nautical mile (gCO2-e/dwt/nm), weighted based on"
,"IMO defined vessel size ranges utilised by BHP during the time period, using a well-to-wake CO2-e emission factor from"
,EU Regulation 2023/1805.
Key adjustments made,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
to baseline year and,
,Shipping medium-term goal: Baseline year and performance data have been adjusted to only include voyages associated with the
subsequent data,
,transportation of commodities currently in BHP’s portfolio due to the data availability challenges of adjusting by asset or operation
,"for CY2008 and subsequent year data. GHG emissions intensity calculations currently include the transportation of copper,"
,"iron ore, steelmaking coal, energy coal, molybdenum, uranium and nickel. Baseline year and performance data have also been"
,"adjusted for a methodology change to use maritime transport emission factors from EU Regulation 2023/1805, after The British"
,Standards Institution EN 16258 standard (the source of the emission factors we previously used) was withdrawn in CY2023.
"Performance, adjusted",Steelmaking medium-term goal: FY2022: US$75 million | FY2023: US$114 million | FY2024: US$140 million
(only for shipping),FY2025: US$171 million
,Shipping medium-term goal: CY2008: 5.8 gCO2-e/dwt/nm | FY2023: 3.5 gCO2-e/dwt/nm | FY2024: 3.4 gCO2-e/dwt/nm |
,FY2025: 3.3 gCO2-e/dwt/nm
Goal setting method,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Qualitative. Tracked based on the funding (US$) we commit in collaborative partnerships and
,venture capital investments with the aim to support industry to develop steel production technology capable of 30 per cent lower
,GHG emissions intensity relative to conventional blast furnace steelmaking.
,"Shipping medium-term goal: Set as a point in time, i.e. with the specific date of ‘by CY2030’ for our goal to support a 40 per cent"
,"GHG emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of BHP products, while reflecting the challenges and uncertainty"
,"and our inability (as BHP alone) to ensure Scope 3 emission reductions. As a result, the goal is not based on a trajectory and does"
,"not imply a specific carbon budget, and so Scope 3 emissions may fluctuate (with some increases and/or non-linear decreases)"
,during the period before the goal date.
Goal derived using a,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
sectoral decarbonisation,
,"Shipping medium-term goal: No, although our goal is generally consistent with the IMO’s CY2030 emissions intensity goal for the"
approach,
,international shipping sector and we selected CY2008 as our goal’s baseline year to align with the base year for the IMO’s CY2030
,goal and its corresponding reasoning and strategy.
Process for reviewing the,"The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation from the Nomination"
setting of the goal,"and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate transition planning, public sustainability goals"
,and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We review our GHG emissions targets and goals as part of the periodic
,"development of an updated CTAP, or more frequently if required."
Process for monitoring,"Monitored on a six-monthly basis through our social value scorecard framework, with progress reviewed by management and"
progress towards the goal,"the Board as part of publication of our half-year results and annual reporting disclosures, or more frequently if required."
Third-party validation of,"No, but we obtain limited assurance over our externally reported performance against our goals."
our goal,
Carbon budget for goal,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
period,
,Shipping medium-term goal: Our goal is not based on a trajectory and does not imply a specific carbon budget.
Expected progression,Steelmaking medium-term goal: Not applicable
,Shipping medium-term goal: Progress towards our goal is expected to be non-linear and affected by organic changes in our
,"production of commodities and associated increases in vessel chartering, due to the dependence on the availability of GHG"
,emission reduction solutions more broadly across the shipping industry.

=== Table 15 (page 54) ===
Type and reduction,Type: Absolute
,Reduction: Net; 100 per cent
Boundary,Value chain long-term net zero goal:
,"–
Total reported Scope 3 emissions are estimated on an equity basis for downstream GHG emissions. For the upstream"
,"GHG emissions component, the boundary is defined on a category-by-category basis due to data limitations."
,"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions."
,Shipping long-term net zero target:
,– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP where the transportation was of BHP-produced
,"products sold by BHP. May be BHP-chartered or third-party-chartered. In some cases, the target’s boundary may differ from"
,the boundaries under mandatory reporting.
,"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Categories 4 and 9, shipping of BHP products only."
,Direct suppliers long-term net zero target:
,– Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s reported Scope 3 emissions reporting categories of
,"purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel- and energy-related activities, business travel and employee"
,"commuting. In some cases, the target’s boundary may differ from the boundaries under mandatory reporting."
,"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Categories 1, 3, 6 and 7 (subset) emissions are being used as a proxy for the Scopes 1"
,and 2 emissions of our direct suppliers.
Exclusions,Value chain long-term net zero goal: Refer to exclusions for our shipping and suppliers’ targets.
,Shipping long-term net zero target:
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP, where the"
,transportation was of third-party-produced products sold by BHP (pursuant to our third-party-trading activity).
,"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP or a third party,"
,where the transportation was of products purchased by BHP.
,Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: Scope 3 emissions (for our direct suppliers) associated with our purchased goods and

=== Table 16 (page 54) ===
"52
BHP Annual Report 2025"
9  Sustainability continued
"Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) long-term net zero targets and goal definitions, assumptions,"
adjustments and additional key details
"Description
Value chain long-term net zero goal: We have a long-term goal of net zero Scope 3 GHG emissions by CY2050. Achievement"
"of this goal is uncertain, particularly given the challenges of a net zero pathway for our customers in steelmaking, and we cannot"
ensure the outcome alone.
Shipping long-term net zero target: Target net zero by CY2050 for the GHG emissions from all shipping of BHP products. Ability
"to achieve the target is subject to the widespread availability of carbon neutral solutions to meet our requirements, including low"
"to zero GHG emission technologies, fuels, goods and services."
Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: Target net zero by CY2050 for the operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers.
"Ability to achieve the target is subject to the widespread availability of carbon neutral solutions to meet our requirements,"
"including low to zero GHG emissions technologies, fuels, goods and services."
"Reference year, 
Reference year: FY2020. FY2020 is used as a reference year to track progress towards our targets and goal but is not a baseline"
"and period
year for achieving our targets or goal."
Period: FY2020 to CY2050
"Type and reduction
Type: Absolute"
Reduction: Net; 100 per cent
"Boundary
Value chain long-term net zero goal:"
"–
Total reported Scope 3 emissions are estimated on an equity basis for downstream GHG emissions. For the upstream"
"GHG emissions component, the boundary is defined on a category-by-category basis due to data limitations."
"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions."
Shipping long-term net zero target:
– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP where the transportation was of BHP-produced
"products sold by BHP. May be BHP-chartered or third-party-chartered. In some cases, the target’s boundary may differ from"
the boundaries under mandatory reporting.
"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Categories 4 and 9, shipping of BHP products only."
Direct suppliers long-term net zero target:
– Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s reported Scope 3 emissions reporting categories of
"purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel- and energy-related activities, business travel and employee"
"commuting. In some cases, the target’s boundary may differ from the boundaries under mandatory reporting."
"–
Inventory boundary: Scope 3 emissions, Categories 1, 3, 6 and 7 (subset) emissions are being used as a proxy for the Scopes 1"
and 2 emissions of our direct suppliers.
"Exclusions
Value chain long-term net zero goal: Refer to exclusions for our shipping and suppliers’ targets."
Shipping long-term net zero target:
"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP, where the"
transportation was of third-party-produced products sold by BHP (pursuant to our third-party-trading activity).
"– GHG emissions from maritime transportation not owned or operated by BHP but chartered and paid for by BHP or a third party,"
where the transportation was of products purchased by BHP.
Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: Scope 3 emissions (for our direct suppliers) associated with our purchased goods and
"services (including capital goods), fuel- and energy-related activities, business travel and employee commuting."
"GHGs included
Value chain long-term net zero goal: Defined by the available data, which differs by Scope 3 emissions category. We intend to"
continue to improve our GHG emission calculations over time to encompass specific GHGs as data becomes available.
"Shipping long-term net zero target: CO2, CH4, N2O"
"Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: Defined by the available data, which differs by Scope 3 emissions category. We intend"
to continue to improve our GHG emission calculations over time to encompass specific GHGs as data becomes available.
"Offsetting
We anticipate offsetting by our customers, suppliers and other third parties will play a role in meeting our long-term net zero goal"
"(and potentially our long-term net zero targets), particularly for residual GHG emissions in steelmaking which are not currently"
expected to reach zero by CY2050. Where third parties offset their GHG emissions that appear in our reported Scope 3 emissions
"inventory, we plan to recognise and report the net GHG emissions after offsetting. Carbon credits sourced by third parties in"
our value chain and associated with GHG emissions that appear in our reported Scope 3 emissions inventory would need to
be high-integrity before we recognised that offsetting in our reporting. Our carbon offsetting integrity standards are available
at bhp.com/sustainability/climate-change/carbon-offsetting
"Value chain long-term net zero goal: Description of the calculation methodology used for each Scope 3 emissions category 
Measurement approach"
"can be found in the BHP GHG Emissions Calculation Methodology 2025, available at bhp.com/sustainability"
Shipping long-term net zero target: Vessel- and voyage-specific GHG emissions calculated using maritime transport emission
factors from EU Regulation 2023/1805.
Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: As a proxy for measurement of the Scopes 1 and 2 emissions of our direct
"suppliers, progress is currently measured using Categories 1, 3, 6 and 7 emissions data using a mix of spend-based"
and activity-based methodology.
"Key adjustments made 
Value chain long-term net zero goal: Category 1, Category 3, Category 4 (maritime component), Category 9 (maritime component),"
"to reference year and 
Category 10, Category 11 and Category 15 GHG emissions in reference year and performance data have been adjusted for the"
"subsequent data
divestment of our interest in Cerrejón (with an effective economic date of 31 December 2020), divestment of our interest in BMC"
"(completed on 3 May 2022), divestment of our interest in the Rhourde Ouled Djemma (ROD) Integrated Development (completed"
"in April 2022), divestment of our Petroleum business (merger with Woodside completed on 1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment"
of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed on 2 April 2024) and acquisition of OZ Minerals (completed on 2 May 2023).
The remaining categories have not been adjusted due to their immateriality to our long-term net zero goal.
Shipping long-term net zero target: Category 4 (maritime component) and Category 9 (maritime component) GHG emissions in
reference year and performance data have been adjusted for a methodology change to use maritime transport emission factors
"from EU Regulation 2023/1805, after The British Standards Institution (BSI) EN 16258 standard (the source of the emission factors"
we previously used) was withdrawn in CY2023 (adjustment applicable for reference year and FY2020 to FY2024 performance
"data), and have been adjusted for the divestment of our interest in BMC (completed on 3 May 2022), divestment of our Petroleum"
"business (merger with Woodside completed on 1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed"
on 2 April 2024) and acquisition of OZ Minerals (completed on 2 May 2023).
Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: Category 1 and Category 3 GHG emissions in reference year and performance data
"have been adjusted for the divestment of our interest in BMC (completed on 3 May 2022), divestment of our Petroleum business"
"(merger with Woodside completed on 1 June 2022), BMA’s divestment of the Blackwater and Daunia mines (completed on"
2 April 2024) and acquisition of OZ Minerals (completed on 2 May 2023). Categories 6 and 7 were not adjusted due to their
immateriality to our long-term net zero target.

=== Table 17 (page 55) ===
"Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3 emissions) long-term net zero targets and goal definitions, assumptions,",
adjustments and additional key details,
"Performance, adjusted",Value chain long-term net zero goal: FY2020: 352.0 MtCO2-e | FY2021: 356.3 MtCO2-e | FY2022: 364.1 MtCO2-e |
,FY2023: 371.6 MtCO2-e | FY2024: 377.0 MtCO2-e | FY2025: 378.2 MtCO2-e
,Shipping long-term net zero target: FY2020: 6.6 MtCO2-e | FY2021: 7.2 MtCO2-e | FY2022: 7.1 MtCO2-e | FY2023: 6.4 MtCO2-e |
,FY2024: 6.2 MtCO2-e | FY2025: 5.8 MtCO2-e
,Direct suppliers long-term net zero target: FY2020: 11.6 MtCO2-e | FY2021: 11.7 MtCO2-e | FY2022: 11.5 MtCO2-e |
,FY2023: 13.0 MtCO2-e | FY2024: 14.3 MtCO2-e | FY2025: 14.5 MtCO2-e
Target/goal setting,"Set as a point in time, i.e. with the specific date of ‘by CY2050’ to reach the target or goal of net zero, while reflecting the"
method,"challenges and uncertainty and our inability (as BHP alone) to ensure Scope 3 emission reductions. As a result, the target or"
,"goal is not based on a trajectory and does not imply a specific carbon budget, and Scope 3 emissions may fluctuate (with some"
,increases and/or non-linear decreases) during the period before the target or goal date.
Target/goal derived,No
using a sectoral,
decarbonisation approach,
Process for reviewing the,"The Board approves BHP’s significant social, community and sustainability policies (upon recommendation from the Nomination"
setting of the target/goal,"and Governance Committee), including those related to climate change and climate transition planning, public sustainability goals"
,and targets (including for GHG emission reductions). We review our GHG emissions targets and goals as part of the periodic
,"development of an updated CTAP, or more frequently if required."
Process for monitoring,"Monitored on a yearly basis through our annual reporting processes, with progress reviewed by management and the Board as"
progress towards the,"part of publication of our annual reporting disclosures, or more frequently if required."
target/goal,
Third-party validation,"No, but we obtain limited assurance over our externally reported performance against our targets and goal."
of our target/goal,
Carbon budget for target/,Our targets and goal are not based on trajectories and do not imply specific carbon budgets.
goal period,
Expected progression,Progress towards our targets and goal is expected to be non-linear and affected by organic changes in our production
,of commodities.

=== Table 18 (page 64) ===
"– Management’s own publicly disclosed criteria, as informed by the GRI Topic",
,"Standards, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Mining"
,and Metals Standard
"– BHP GHG Emissions Calculation Methodology 2025, as informed by:",
,"–
The World Resource Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development"
,"Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard,"
,including the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain Scope 3 Accounting
,and Reporting Standard
,"–
The Australian Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting"
,"(Measurement) Determination 2008 for Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas data,"
,as applicable
–,ICMM guidance and minimum disclosure Standards: Water Reporting: Good practice

=== Table 19 (page 64) ===
What we assured (Reasonable Assurance Subject Matter),What we assured it against (Criteria)
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions as reported in,"– BHP GHG Emissions Calculation Methodology 2025, as informed by:"
Section 9 of the Operating and Financial Review within the BHP,
,"–
The World Resource Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable"
Annual Report 2025 and the BHP ESG Standards and Databook,
,Development Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
"2025, referenced above",
,"Standard, including the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Scope 2 Guidance"
,"–
The Australian Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting"
,(Measurement) Determination 2008 for Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse
,"gas data, as applicable"

=== Table 20 (page 64) ===
,–,The Australian Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
,,(Measurement) Determination 2008 for Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse
,,"gas data, as applicable"
"Other than as described in the preceding paragraphs, which set out the",,
,,Key responsibilities
"scope of our engagement, we did not perform assurance procedures",,
,,BHP’s responsibility
on the remaining information included in the BHP Annual Report,,
"2025, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or conclusion on",,"BHP’s management is responsible for selecting the Criteria, and ensuring"
this information.,,"the Subject Matter is prepared, in all material respects, in accordance"
,,with that Criteria. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining
The Limited Assurance Subject Matter and the Reasonable Assurance,,
,,"internal controls, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that"
"Subject Matter may be referred to in this report, individually or collectively,",,
,,"are relevant to the preparation of the Subject Matter, such that it is free"
"as the case requires, as the ‘Subject Matter’.",,
,,"from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error."
,,EY’s responsibility and independence
,,"For the Limited Assurance engagement, our responsibility is to express"
,,a conclusion on the Limited Assurance Subject Matter based on the
,,"evidence we have obtained. For the Reasonable Assurance engagement,"
,,our responsibility is to express an opinion conclusion on the Reasonable
,,Assurance Subject Matter based on the evidence we have obtained.
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited,,
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation,,

=== Table 21 (page 150) ===
148,BHP Annual Report 2025
1  Consolidated Financial Statements continued,
16 Climate change,
"The Group recognises that warming of the climate is unequivocal, the human influence is clear and physical impacts are unavoidable. Identifying,",
monitoring and assessing the actual and potential impacts of climate change is complex and the Group continues to assess the actual and potential,
"financial impacts of climate-related risks (threats and opportunities), including the transition to a low-carbon economy and physical risk impacts.",
"The Group’s current climate change strategy focuses on developing a portfolio of commodities to support the megatrends shaping our world, reducing",
"operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scopes 1 and 2 from our operated assets), supporting value chain (Scope 3) GHG emissions reductions,",
and managing climate-related risks.,
Areas of these Financial Statements that may be impacted in connection with this strategy throughout the value creation and delivery cycle of the Group’s,
"operations, include:",

=== Table 22 (page 153) ===
,The estimated cost of closure activities includes management’s current
Expenditure to support value chain decarbonisation,
,"best estimate in relation to post-closure monitoring and maintenance,"
"The Group continues to invest, including through partnership with others,",
,which may be required for significant periods beyond the completion of
in potential GHG emissions reduction opportunities in its value chain through,
,other closure activities and is therefore exposed to potential long-term
technology innovation and development to support GHG emissions reductions,
,climate-related impacts. While reflecting management’s current best
by steelmaking customers and in the maritime industry.,
,"estimate, the cost of post-closure monitoring and maintenance may"
"While the Group seeks to influence reduction opportunities, Scope 3",
,"change in future reporting periods as the understanding of, and potential"
emissions occur outside of the Group’s direct control. Reduction pathways,
,long-term impacts from a changing climate continue to evolve.
"are dependent on the development, and upstream or downstream",
,"Given the long-lived nature of the majority of the Group’s assets, many"
"deployment of, solutions and/or supportive policy and improvements in",
,final closure activities are not expected to occur for a significant period
"Scope 3 emissions measurement. Where possible, the financial impact of",
,of time. However:
the Group’s activities in support of the development of Scope 3 emissions,
"reduction pathways is reflected in these Financial Statements. In FY2025,",– Acknowledging the wide range of potential energy transition impacts
this included expenditure of approximately US$60 million to support,for steelmaking coal demand and the impact of any significant changes

=== Table 23 (page 153) ===
,"Given the long-lived nature of the majority of the Group’s assets, many"
"deployment of, solutions and/or supportive policy and improvements in",
,final closure activities are not expected to occur for a significant period
"Scope 3 emissions measurement. Where possible, the financial impact of",
,of time. However:
the Group’s activities in support of the development of Scope 3 emissions,
"reduction pathways is reflected in these Financial Statements. In FY2025,",– Acknowledging the wide range of potential energy transition impacts
this included expenditure of approximately US$60 million to support,for steelmaking coal demand and the impact of any significant changes
"collaborative partnerships, consortiums, research and development","in demand on mine lives, for illustrative purposes only, a one-year"
and BHP Ventures investments.,"change in the mine life of the Group’s steelmaking coal assets would,"
,"in isolation, change the closure and rehabilitation provisions for those"
Given the inherent uncertainty in future technology and policy,
,assets by approximately US$40 million.
"advancements, it is not currently possible to reliably estimate or measure",
the full potential Financial Statement impacts of the Group’s pursuit of its,– The Group received approval to continue mining at NSWEC for an
Scope 3 goals and targets.,"additional four years, as part of the planned closure of the site in"
,"June 2030. As such, while the provision is subject to estimation and"
"Timing, scope and expected cost of closure and","assumptions, the timing of closure is no longer considered materially"
rehabilitation activities,susceptible to potential long-term climate-related transition risks.
"The extent, timing and cost of the Group’s future closure activities may",

=== Table 24 (page 228) ===
"226
BHP Annual Report 2025",
9  Shareholder information continued,
"Further, the governments in a number of regions where we or our suppliers","From time to time, certain sanctions are adopted by the UN Security"
or customers operate have advanced targets and goals to reduce GHGs.,"Council and/or various governments, including in the United Kingdom,"
"In Australia, the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth)","the United States, the EU and Australia. Those sanctions prohibit, or"
imposes requirements for corporations meeting a certain threshold to register,"in some cases impose, certain approval and reporting requirements"
and report company information about GHGs and energy production and,"on transactions involving sanctioned countries, entities and individuals"
"consumption as part of a single, national reporting scheme and establishes",and/or assets controlled or owned by them. Certain transfers into or out
the Safeguard Mechanism to keep certain GHG emissions at or below,"of Australia of amounts of A$10,000 or more in any currency may also be"
"legislated limits, known as baselines, for Australia’s largest industrial facilities.",subject to reporting requirements.
"Under the Safeguard Mechanism, facility baselines for Scope 1 GHG",
,The Australian Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 (the FATA)
emissions at Australia’s largest industrial facilities are required to decrease,
,restricts certain acquisitions of interests in securities in Australian
"in accordance with a set decline rate, with a view to achieving consistent and",
,"companies, including BHP Group Limited. Generally, under the FATA,"
gradual GHG emission reductions on a trajectory consistent with achieving,
,the prior approval of the Australian Treasurer must be obtained for
Australia’s GHG emission reduction targets of 43 per cent below 2005 levels,
,proposals by a foreign person (either alone or together with its associates)
by 2030 and net zero by 2050. Australia is due to submit its next round of,
,to acquire 20 per cent or more of the voting power or issued securities
Nationally Determined Contributions for the five years to 2035 during CY2025.,
,in an Australian company. Lower approval thresholds apply in certain
Facilities that exceed their progressively declining legislated baselines may,
,"circumstances, including for acquisitions of interests in entities that"
apply credits to meet the compliance obligations.,
,"operate a ‘national security business’, and acquisitions of interests by"
Regulations setting emissions standards for fuels used to power vehicles,foreign government investors of voting power or issued securities in an
and equipment at our assets and the modes of transport used in our supply,Australian company.
"chains can also have a substantial impact, both directly and indirectly, on",
,The FATA also empowers the Treasurer to make certain orders prohibiting
"the markets for these products, with flow-on impacts on our costs.",
,"acquisitions by foreign persons in Australian companies, including BHP"
A number of governments and regulators in relevant jurisdictions for BHP,Group Limited (and requiring divestiture if the acquisition has occurred)
have implemented or otherwise proposed disclosure rules that would require,where the Treasurer considers the acquisition to be contrary to national
enhanced climate-related and broader sustainability-related disclosures.,security or the national interest.
"For example, in Australia, the Federal Government legislation implementing",
,"Except for the restrictions under the FATA, there are no limitations,"
a new mandatory annual climate-related financial disclosure regime and,
,either under Australian law or under the Constitution of BHP Group
associated auditing and assurance requirements was passed into law in,
,"Limited, on the right of non-residents to hold or vote BHP Group Limited"
"September 2024 and is being phased in from 1 January 2025, with BHP’s",
,ordinary shares.
first reporting period under this regime commencing 1 July 2025. There is,
also growing focus on mandatory corporate due diligence and reporting,
,Post-unification requirements under FATA
on climate-related and broader sustainability-related issues in the entity’s,
"own operations and value chain. For example, the European Union (EU)",The Treasurer gave approval under the FATA for the actions taken as
Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive which is anticipated to be,part of implementation of the unification of BHP’s DLC structure on the
"phased in from 1 July 2028, will require in-scope companies to conduct",conditions set out below:
human rights and environmental due diligence on the company’s own,
,"– BHP Group Limited remains an Australian resident company,"
operations and certain of their business partners’ chain of activities (noting,
,"incorporated under the Corporations Act, that is listed on the ASX"
that these requirements are subject to potential simplification amendments,
,under the name ‘BHP Group Limited’ and trades under that name.
currently being considered by the EU Commission).,
,– BHP Group Limited remains the ultimate holding company of and
Our business is also subject to a number of regulations and legal,
,continues to ultimately manage and control the companies conducting
"developments relating to employee relations, including industrial relations",
,the businesses that are presently conducted by the subsidiaries of BHP
developments in Australia and other developments described in OFR 9.5,
,"Group Limited, including the Minerals and Services businesses, for so"
and 9.6.,
,long as those businesses form part of the BHP Group.
"From time to time, certain trade actions, such as sanctions, tariffs and",
,– The headquarters of BHP Group Limited (including the BHP Group’s
"other trade restrictions, including responses to the same, are adopted by",
,corporate head offices) are in Australia.
"the United Nations (UN) Security Council and/or various governments,",
,– The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal
"including in the United Kingdom, the United States, the EU, China and",
,office in Australia.
"Australia against certain countries, entities or individuals, that may restrict",
our ability to sell or the market for extracted minerals or other products,– The centre of administrative and practical management of BHP Group
"to and/or our ability to purchase goods or services from, these countries,",Limited is in Australia and BHP Group Limited’s corporate head office
entities or individuals.,"activities, of the kind presently carried on in Australia, continue to be"
,managed in Australia.
,
Shareholding limits,– The headquarters of BHP Group Limited is publicly acknowledged
,as being in Australia in significant public announcements and in all
"Under current Australian legislation, the payment of any dividends, interest",
,public documents.
or other payments by BHP Group Limited to non-resident holders of BHP,
Group Limited’s shares is not restricted by exchange controls or other,– The Chief Executive Officer of BHP Group Limited has their principal
"limitations, except that in certain circumstances, BHP Group Limited may",place of residence in Australia.
be required to withhold Australian taxes.,– The majority of all regularly scheduled Board meetings of BHP Group
,Limited in any calendar year occurs in Australia.

=== Table 25 (page 232) ===
"230
BHP Annual Report 2025",,
10  Glossary continued,,
Equity share approach (in relation to GHG,GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)  The Global,Location-based (in relation to reporting GHG
emissions data)  A consolidation approach,Reporting Initiative works with businesses and,emissions data)  Scope 2 emissions based on
whereby a company accounts for GHG,governments to understand and communicate,average energy generation emission factors
emissions from operations according to its share,their impact on critical sustainability issues.,"for defined geographic locations, including"
of equity in the operation. The equity share,,"local, subnational, or national boundaries (i.e."
,"Groundwater  Water beneath the earth’s surface,",
"reflects economic interest, which is the extent of",,"grid factors). In the case of a direct line transfer,"
,"including beneath the seabed, which fills pores",
rights a company has to the risks and rewards,,the location-based emissions are equivalent to
,"or cracks between porous media, such as soil,",
flowing from an operation. Also see the definition,,the market-based emissions.
,"rock, coal and sand, often forming aquifers.",
for Operational control approach.,,
,Groundwater may be abstracted for use from,Lower GHG emission(s) (for shipping)  Capable
"ESG  Environmental, social and governance.",bore fields or accessed via dewatering to,of between 5 per cent to 80 per cent lower GHG
,"access ore. For accounting purposes, water",emissions intensity (gCO2 -e/joule) on a well-to-
Executive KMP (Key Management Personnel),,
,that is entrained in the ore can be considered,wake basis compared to conventional fossil fuels
Executive Key Management Personnel includes,,
,as groundwater.,used in shipping.
"the Executive Director (our CEO), the Chief",,
"Financial Officer, President Australia, President",Group  BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries.,Lower GHG emission(s) (other than shipping
"Americas, and the Chief Operating Officer.",,fuels)  Capable of lower absolute GHG
,GWP (Global Warming Potential)  A factor,
It does not include the Non-executive Directors,,emissions or GHG emissions intensity than the
,describing the radiative forcing impact (degree,
(on our Board).,,current state or the conventional or incumbent
,of harm to the atmosphere) of one unit of a given,
,,"technology, as applicable."
Fugitive methane emissions  Methane emissions,GHG relative to one unit of CO2. BHP currently,
that are not physically controlled but result,uses GWP from the Intergovernmental Panel on,Low to zero GHG emission(s) (for shipping)
from the intentional or unintentional releases,Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 5,Capable of between 81 per cent to 100 per cent
of methane from coal mining.,(AR5) based on a 100-year timeframe.,lower GHG emissions intensity (gCO2 -e/joule)
,,on a well-to-wake basis compared to conventional
Functions  Functions operate along global,HPI (high potential injuries)  High potential,
,,fossil fuels used in shipping.
reporting lines to provide support to all areas,injuries are recordable injuries and first aid,
of the organisation. Functions have specific,cases where there was the potential for a fatality.,Low to zero GHG emission(s) (for energy products
accountabilities and deep expertise in areas,,other than shipping fuels)  Capable of between
,ICMM (International Council on Mining and,
"such as finance, legal, governance, technology,",,90 per cent to 100 per cent lower GHG emissions
,Metals)  The International Council on Mining and,
"human resources, corporate affairs, health,",,intensity during generation and/or combustion (as
,Metals is an international organisation dedicated,
safety and community.,,applicable) compared to conventional fossil fuel
,"to a safe, fair and sustainable mining and",
,,generation and/or combustion.
Future-facing commodity  A commodity that,metals industry.,
BHP determines to be positively leveraged in the,,Market-based method (in relation to reporting
,IFRS (International Financial Reporting,
energy transition and broader global response to,,GHG emissions data)  Scope 2 emissions based
,Standards)  Accounting standards as issued by,
"climate change, with potential for decades-long",,on the generators (and therefore the generation
,the International Accounting Standards Board.,
demand growth to support emerging megatrends,,fuel mix from which the reporter contractually
,Indigenous Peoples Policy Statement,
like electrification and decarbonisation.,,purchases electricity and/or is directly provided
,Articulates BHP’s approach to engaging with,
"Currently, the major commodities in the BHP",,electricity via a direct line transfer).
,and supporting Indigenous peoples.,
portfolio that fall within this criterion include,,
,,MFL (Maximum Foreseeable Loss)  The MFL
"copper, nickel and potash.",IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate,
,,is the estimated impact to BHP if a risk were
,Change)  The Intergovernmental Panel on,
Gearing ratio  The ratio of net debt to net debt,,to materialise in a worst-case scenario without
,Climate Change is the United Nations body for,
plus net assets.,,regard to probability and assuming all controls
,assessing the science related to climate change.,
,,are ineffective.
GHG (greenhouse gas)  For BHP reporting,,
,IUCN (International Union for Conservation,
"purposes, these are the aggregate",,"Nature  The natural world, with an emphasis"
,of Nature)  The International Union for,
anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent,,on the diversity of living organisms (including
,Conservation of Nature is an international,
"emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane",,people) and their interactions among themselves
,organisation working in the field of nature,
"(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons",,and with their environment. (Adapted from
,conservation and sustainable use of,
"(HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur",,"Díaz, S et al. (2015) The IPBES Conceptual"
,natural resources.,
hexafluoride (SF6). Nitrogen trifluoride (NF3),,Framework – Connecting Nature and People).
GHG emissions are currently not relevant for,KMP (Key Management Personnel)  Key,
,,"Net zero (for a BHP GHG emissions target,"
BHP reporting purposes. GHG emissions in,Management Personnel includes the roles,
,,"goal or pathway, or similar)  Net zero includes"
this report are presented in tonnes CO2-e or,which have the authority and responsibility for,
,,the use of carbon credits as governed by BHP’s
"its multiples, unless otherwise stated.","planning, directing and controlling the activities",
,,"approach to carbon offsetting, available at"
,"of BHP. These are Non-executive Directors, the",
GISTM  Global Industry Standards on,,bhp.com/climate.
,"CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the President",
Tailings Management.,,
,,"Net zero (for industry sectors, the global"
,"Australia, and the President Americas.",
Goal (for BHP with respect to GHG emissions),,"economy, transition or future, or similar)  Net zero"
,KPI (key performance indicator)  Used to,
An ambition to seek an outcome for which there,,refers to a state in which the GHGs (as defined
,"measure the performance of the Group,",
"is no current pathway(s), but for which efforts are",,in this Glossary) going into the atmosphere are
,individual businesses and executives in any,
being made or will be pursued towards addressing,,balanced by removal out of the atmosphere.
,one year.,
"that challenge, subject to certain assumptions or",,
,,NGER (National Greenhouse and Energy
conditions. Such efforts may include the resolution,Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity,
,,Reporting Scheme)  The Australian National
of existing potential or emerging pathways.,Framework  The Kunming-Montreal Global,
,,Greenhouse and Energy Reporting scheme
,Biodiversity Framework is a set of targets and,
Goals of the Paris Agreement  The central,,is a single national framework for reporting
,goals adopted by the 15th Conference of Parties,
objective of the Paris Agreement is its long-term,,and disseminating company information about
,(COP15) to the United Nations Convention on,
temperature goal to hold the global average,,"GHG emissions, energy production, energy"
,Biological Diversity (CBD) in December 2022,
temperature increase to well below 2°C above,,consumption and other information specified
,that aims to address the loss of biodiversity and,
pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to,,under the National Greenhouse and Energy
,restore natural ecosystems by 2030.,
limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above,,Reporting Act 2007.
pre-industrial levels.,Legacy assets  Legacy assets refer to those,
,,NOJV (non-operated asset/non-operated
,"BHP operated assets, or part thereof, located in",
Green ammonia  Ammonia produced by,,joint venture)  Non-operated assets/non-
,the Americas that are in the closure phase.,
synthetically combining nitrogen with low to zero,,operated joint ventures are our interests in
GHG emission hydrogen (ammonia synthesis),LME (London Metal Exchange)  A major futures,assets that are owned as a joint venture but
using renewable or other low to zero GHG,exchange for the trading of industrial metals.,not operated by BHP. References in this
emissions electricity.,,Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for
,,convenience to collectively describe assets that
Grievance  An event or community complaint,,
,,are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references
relating to an adverse impact/event that has,,
,,are not intended to characterise the legal
escalated to the point where a third-party,,
,,relationship between the owners of the asset.
intervention or adjudication is required to,,
resolve it.,,NSWEC  New South Wales Energy Coal.

=== Table 26 (page 233) ===
Occupational illness  An illness that occurs as,Petroleum (asset group)  A group of oil and,Scope 3 emissions (GHG emissions)  Scope 3
a consequence of work-related activities or,gas assets formerly operated by BHP before,are all other indirect GHG emissions (not included
exposure. It includes acute or chronic illnesses,its merger with Woodside in June 2022.,in Scope 2 emissions) that occur in the reporting
"or diseases, which may be caused by inhalation,",Petroleum’s core production operations were,"company’s value chain. For BHP, these are"
"absorption, ingestion or direct contact.","located in the US Gulf of Mexico, Australia and",primarily emissions resulting from our customers
,Trinidad and Tobago. Petroleum produced crude,"using and processing the commodities we sell, as"
OECD Organisation for Economic Co-operation,,
,"oil and condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.",well as upstream emissions associated with the
and Development.,,
,,"extraction, production and transportation of the"
,PPA (power purchasing agreement)  An agreement,
OELs (occupational exposure limits)  An OEL is,,
,,"goods, services, fuels and energy we purchase"
,between a vendor and purchaser for the sale,
an upper limit on the acceptable concentration,,
,,for use at our operations; emissions resulting from
,"of electricity, which may be wholly or partially",
of a hazardous substance in workplace air,,
,,the transportation and distribution of our products;
,renewable or other low to zero GHG emissions,
for a particular material or class of materials.,,
,,and operational emissions (on an equity basis)
,energy and either physically supplied directly to the,
OELs may also be set for exposure to physical,,
,,from our non-operated joint ventures.
,purchaser or for supply from an electricity grid.,
"agents, such as noise, vibration or radiation.",,
,,SEC (United States Securities and Exchange
,PPE (personal protective equipment)  PPE,
Offsetting (in relation to GHG emissions)  The,,
,,Commission)  The US regulatory commission that
,means anything used or worn to minimise risk,
use of carbon credits. Refer to the definition of,,
,,"aims to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly and"
,"to a worker’s health and safety, including air",
carbon credit.,,
,,efficient markets and facilitate capital formation.
,supplied respiratory equipment.,
OFR  BHP’s Operating and Financial Review for,,
,,Shareplus  BHP’s all-employee share
,Physical climate-related risk  Acute risks that,
the year ended 30 June 2025.,,
,,purchase plan.
,"are event-driven, including increased severity",
Onshore US  BHP’s Petroleum asset (divested,,
,and/or frequency of extreme climatic events and,Social investment  Social investment is our
in the year ended 30 June 2019) in four US,,
,chronic risks resulting from longer-term changes,voluntary contribution towards projects
"shale areas (Eagle Ford, Permian, Haynesville",,
,in climate patterns.,or donations with the primary purpose of
"and Fayetteville), where we produced oil,",,
,,contributing to the resilience of the communities
,"Record date (in relation to dividends)  The date,",
"condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.",,
,,"where we operate and the environment, aligned"
,"determined by a company’s board of directors,",
Operated assets  Operated assets are our,,with our broader business priorities.
,by when an investor must be recorded as,
"assets (including those under exploration,",,
,an owner of shares in order to qualify for a,Social value  Our positive contribution to society
"projects in development or execution phases,",,
,forthcoming dividend.,"through the creation of mutual benefit for BHP,"
sites and operations that are closed or in,,
,,"our shareholders, Indigenous partners and the"
,Reference year (for a BHP GHG emissions target,
the closure phase) that are wholly owned,,
,,broader community.
,or goal)  A year used to track progress towards,
and operated by BHP or that are owned as a,,
,GHG emissions targets and goals. It is not a,"South32  During FY2015, BHP demerged"
BHP-operated joint venture. References in this,,
,baseline for GHG emissions targets and goals.,"a selection of our alumina, aluminium, coal,"
Annual Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for,,
,,"manganese, nickel, silver, lead and zinc assets"
convenience to collectively describe assets that,RIGI  Argentina’s incentive regime for,
,,into a new company – South32 Limited.
are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references,large investments.,
are not intended to characterise the legal,,Steelmaking coal  Metallurgical coal of a
,Safeguard Mechanism  A mechanism established,
relationship between the owners of the asset.,,sufficient high quality (grade) that it is suitable
,in Australia under the National Greenhouse and,
,,for use in steelmaking. Refer to Additional
Operational control approach (in relation to,Energy Reporting Act 2007 to keep certain GHG,
,,information 10.1 for the definition of metallurgical
GHG emissions data)  A consolidation approach,"emissions at or below legislated limits, known",
,,coal and coking coal.
whereby a company accounts for 100 per cent,"as baselines, for Australia’s largest industrial",
of the GHG emissions over which it has,facilities. Reforms to the Safeguard Mechanism,Surface water  All water naturally open to the
operational control (a company is considered,that applied from 1 July 2023 are intended to,"atmosphere, including rivers, lakes and creeks"
to have operational control over an operation if,reduce Scope 1 emissions at Australia’s largest,and external water dams but excluding water from
it or one of its subsidiaries has the full authority,industrial facilities on a trajectory consistent with,"oceans, seas and estuaries (e.g. precipitation and"
to introduce and implement its operating,achieving Australia’s GHG emission reduction,"runoff, including snow and hail)."
policies at the operation). It does not account,targets of 43 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030,
,,Sustainability (including sustainable and
for GHG emissions from operations in which it,and net zero by 2050. Facilities that exceed their,
,,sustainably)  We describe our approach to
owns an interest but does not have operational,progressively declining legislated baselines may,
,,"sustainability and its governance in this Report,"
control. Also see the definition for Equity,apply Australian Carbon Credit Units to meet the,
,,including OFR 8 and OFR 9. Our references
share approach.,compliance obligations.,
,,to sustainability (including sustainable and
Operational GHG emissions  Our operational,SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards,sustainably) in this Report and our other
GHG emissions are the Scope 1 emissions and,Board)  The Sustainability Accounting Standards,disclosures do not mean we will not have
Scope 2 emissions from our operated assets.,Board is a non-profit organisation that develops,"any adverse impact on the economy, the"
,standards focused on the financial impacts,"environment or society, and do not imply we"
"Operations  Open-cut mines, underground",,
,of sustainability.,will necessarily give primacy to consideration
"mines and processing facilities, which in the",,
,,of or achieve any absolute outcome in relation
case of BHP are within our operated assets.,Scope 1 emissions (GHG emissions)  Scope,
,,"to any one economic, environmental or social"
,1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from,
OZ Minerals Brazil assets  Former OZ Minerals,,
,,issue (such as zero GHG emissions or other
,operations that are owned or controlled by the,
"Brazil operations, projects and exploration",,
,,environmental effects).
,"reporting company. For BHP, these are primarily",
tenements located in Brazil and acquired as part,,
,GHG emissions from fuel consumed by haul,Structural GHG emissions abatement  Actions
of the acquisition of OZ Minerals completed on,,
,"trucks at our operated assets, as well as fugitive",taken at a source of GHG emissions to avoid
2 May 2023.,,
,methane emissions from coal production at our,"generating GHG emissions. For BHP, this"
"Partner, partnership, to partner (or similar)",,
,operated assets.,includes contractual power purchase agreements.
A reference used for convenience to describe,,
,Scope 2 emissions (GHG emissions)  Scope 2,Target (for BHP with respect to GHG
relationships intended to be collaborative and/,,
,emissions are indirect GHG emissions from the,emissions)  An intended outcome in relation to
or mutually beneficial. Such references are not,,
,"generation of purchased or acquired electricity,",which we have identified one or more pathways
intended to characterise the legal relationship,,
,"steam, heat or cooling that is consumed by","for delivery of that outcome, subject to certain"
"between the parties, unless stated otherwise.",,
,operations that are owned or controlled by the,assumptions or conditions.
Paris Agreement  The Paris Agreement is an,,
,reporting company. BHP’s Scope 2 emissions,
agreement between countries party to the United,,
,have been calculated using the market-based,
Nations Framework Convention on Climate,,
,method unless otherwise specified.,
Change to strengthen efforts to combat climate,,
"change and adapt to its effects, with enhanced",,

=== Table 27 (page 234) ===
10  Glossary continued,,
TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related,Underlying EBIT  Earnings before net finance,Type 3 (in relation to water quality)  Water of low
Financial Disclosures)  The task force created,"costs, taxation expense, Discontinued",quality that would require significant treatment
by the Financial Stability Board to improve and,operations and any exceptional items.,to meet drinking water standards. It may have
increase reporting of climate-related financial,Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of profit/,individual constituents with high values of total
"information, which released recommendations",(loss) from investments accounted for using the,"dissolved solids, elevated levels of metals or"
designed to help companies provide better,equity method including net finance costs and,extreme levels of pH. This type of water also
information to investors and others about how,taxation expense/(benefit). For more information,includes seawater. This water is considered low
they think about and assess climate-related,refer to OFR 13.,quality/low grade in the ICMM ‘Good Practice’
risks and opportunities. The TCFD has now,,Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).
,Underlying EBITDA  Earnings before net,
fulfilled its remit and disbanded and the Financial,,
,"finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and",Well-to-wake basis  Inclusive of the GHG
Stability Board has asked the IFRS Foundation,,
,"impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued",emissions across the entire process of fuel
to take over the monitoring of the progress of,,
,operations and any exceptional items.,"production, delivery and use onboard vessels."
companies’ climate-related disclosures.,,
,Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share,
,,WRSA (Water Resource Situational Analysis)
TNFD (Taskforce on Nature-related Financial,of profit/(loss) from investments accounted,
,,A Water Resource Situational Analysis is an
Disclosures)  The Taskforce on Nature-,for using the equity method including net,
,,independent holistic assessment of the water
"Related Financial Disclosures is a global,","finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and",
,,situation where an operated asset operates.
market-led initiative that has developed a set,impairments and taxation expense/(benefit).,
,,The process is designed to describe the water
of disclosure recommendations and guidance,For more information refer to OFR 13.,
,,challenges that partners and stakeholders share
"for organisations to assess, report and act on",,
,Unification  The unification of BHP’s corporate,and the opportunities for collective action to
"evolving nature-related dependencies, impacts,",,
,structure under BHP Group Limited as effected,address those challenges. The WRSA is funded
risks and opportunities.,,
,on 31 January 2022.,by BHP and prepared by a credible third party.
Transition risk (climate-related)  Risks that arise,,It draws on publicly available information and
,Unit costs  One of the financial measures BHP,
"from existing and emerging policy, regulatory,",,direct partner and stakeholder input. Within a
,uses to monitor the performance of individual,
"legal, technological, market and other societal",,defined area that includes the water resources
,assets. Unit costs are calculated as ratio of,
responses to the challenges posed by climate,,"that BHP interacts with, each WRSA includes"
,net costs of the assets to the equity share of,
change and the transition to a net zero,,assessment of:
,sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue,
global economy.,,
,"less Underlying EBITDA and excluding freight,","–
the ongoing stability of the volume and quality"
TRIF (total recordable injury frequency)  The,"and other costs, depending on the nature of","of the water resources, taking into account"
sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted,each asset. For information on the method of,interactions of all other parties and any related
work cases + medical treatment cases) x,calculation of the unit costs refer to OFR 13.1.,"environmental, social or cultural values and"
"1,000,000 ÷ actual hours worked. Stated in units",,climate change forecasts
,United Nations SDGs (Sustainable Development,
of per million hours worked. BHP adopts the US,,
,"Goals)  The Sustainable Development Goals,","–
the state of water infrastructure, water access,"
Government Occupational Safety and Health,,
,"also known as the Global Goals, were adopted",sanitation and hygiene of local communities
Administration guidelines for the recording and,,
,by the United Nations in 2015 as a universal,
,,"–
the environmental health of the water"
reporting of occupational injury and illnesses.,,
,"call to action to end poverty, protect the planet,",
,,catchments that feed the water resources
TRIF statistics exclude non-operated assets.,,
,and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace,
,,"taking into account the extent of vegetation,"
TSR (total shareholder return)  Measures the,and prosperity.,
,,runoff and any conservation of the area
return delivered to shareholders over a certain,,
,Value chain GHG emissions  Scope 3 emissions,
,,"–
external water governance arrangements"
period through the movements in share price,,
,in our reported GHG emissions inventory.,
,,and their effectiveness
and dividends paid (which are assumed to be,,
,WAF (Water Accounting Framework)  A common,
reinvested). It is the measure used to compare,,
,mining and metals industry approach to water,
BHP’s performance to that of other relevant,,
,accounting in Australia.,
companies under the Long-Term Incentive Plan.,,
,Type 1 (in relation to water quality)  Water of high,
Unadjusted (in respect to GHG emissions data),,
,quality that would require minimal (if any) treatment,
Unadjusted means calculated to present the,,
,to meet drinking water standards. This water is,
GHG emissions data for a reporting year so that,,
,considered high quality/high grade in the ICMM,
any relevant changes that occurred during the,,
,‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).,
"year (including acquisitions, divestments and/",,
or methodology changes) are applied only from,Type 2 (in relation to water quality)  Water of,
the date they took effect. Also see the definition,medium quality that would require moderate,
for Adjusted.,treatment to meet drinking water standards (it,
,may have a high salinity threshold of no higher,
Underlying attributable profit  Profit/(loss) after,,
,"than 5,000 milligrams per litre total dissolved solids",
taxation attributable to BHP shareholders,,
,and other individual constituents). This water is,
excluding any exceptional items attributable,,
,considered high quality/high grade in the ICMM,
to BHP shareholders as described in Financial,,
,‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).,
Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’. For more,,
information refer to OFR 13.,,

=== Table 28 (page 234) ===
"232
BHP Annual Report 2025",,
10  Glossary continued,,
TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related,Underlying EBIT  Earnings before net finance,Type 3 (in relation to water quality)  Water of low
Financial Disclosures)  The task force created,"costs, taxation expense, Discontinued",quality that would require significant treatment
by the Financial Stability Board to improve and,operations and any exceptional items.,to meet drinking water standards. It may have
increase reporting of climate-related financial,Underlying EBIT includes BHP’s share of profit/,individual constituents with high values of total
"information, which released recommendations",(loss) from investments accounted for using the,"dissolved solids, elevated levels of metals or"
designed to help companies provide better,equity method including net finance costs and,extreme levels of pH. This type of water also
information to investors and others about how,taxation expense/(benefit). For more information,includes seawater. This water is considered low
they think about and assess climate-related,refer to OFR 13.,quality/low grade in the ICMM ‘Good Practice’
risks and opportunities. The TCFD has now,,Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).
,Underlying EBITDA  Earnings before net,
fulfilled its remit and disbanded and the Financial,,
,"finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and",Well-to-wake basis  Inclusive of the GHG
Stability Board has asked the IFRS Foundation,,
,"impairments, taxation expense, Discontinued",emissions across the entire process of fuel
to take over the monitoring of the progress of,,
,operations and any exceptional items.,"production, delivery and use onboard vessels."
companies’ climate-related disclosures.,,
,Underlying EBITDA includes BHP’s share,
,,WRSA (Water Resource Situational Analysis)
TNFD (Taskforce on Nature-related Financial,of profit/(loss) from investments accounted,
,,A Water Resource Situational Analysis is an
Disclosures)  The Taskforce on Nature-,for using the equity method including net,
,,independent holistic assessment of the water
"Related Financial Disclosures is a global,","finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and",
,,situation where an operated asset operates.
market-led initiative that has developed a set,impairments and taxation expense/(benefit).,
,,The process is designed to describe the water
of disclosure recommendations and guidance,For more information refer to OFR 13.,
,,challenges that partners and stakeholders share
"for organisations to assess, report and act on",,
,Unification  The unification of BHP’s corporate,and the opportunities for collective action to
"evolving nature-related dependencies, impacts,",,
,structure under BHP Group Limited as effected,address those challenges. The WRSA is funded
risks and opportunities.,,
,on 31 January 2022.,by BHP and prepared by a credible third party.
Transition risk (climate-related)  Risks that arise,,It draws on publicly available information and
,Unit costs  One of the financial measures BHP,
"from existing and emerging policy, regulatory,",,direct partner and stakeholder input. Within a
,uses to monitor the performance of individual,
"legal, technological, market and other societal",,defined area that includes the water resources
,assets. Unit costs are calculated as ratio of,
responses to the challenges posed by climate,,"that BHP interacts with, each WRSA includes"
,net costs of the assets to the equity share of,
change and the transition to a net zero,,assessment of:
,sales tonnage. Net costs is defined as revenue,
global economy.,,
,"less Underlying EBITDA and excluding freight,","–
the ongoing stability of the volume and quality"
TRIF (total recordable injury frequency)  The,"and other costs, depending on the nature of","of the water resources, taking into account"
sum of (fatalities + lost-time cases + restricted,each asset. For information on the method of,interactions of all other parties and any related
work cases + medical treatment cases) x,calculation of the unit costs refer to OFR 13.1.,"environmental, social or cultural values and"
"1,000,000 ÷ actual hours worked. Stated in units",,climate change forecasts
,United Nations SDGs (Sustainable Development,
of per million hours worked. BHP adopts the US,,
,"Goals)  The Sustainable Development Goals,","–
the state of water infrastructure, water access,"
Government Occupational Safety and Health,,
,"also known as the Global Goals, were adopted",sanitation and hygiene of local communities
Administration guidelines for the recording and,,
,by the United Nations in 2015 as a universal,
,,"–
the environmental health of the water"
reporting of occupational injury and illnesses.,,
,"call to action to end poverty, protect the planet,",
,,catchments that feed the water resources
TRIF statistics exclude non-operated assets.,,
,and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace,
,,"taking into account the extent of vegetation,"
TSR (total shareholder return)  Measures the,and prosperity.,
,,runoff and any conservation of the area
return delivered to shareholders over a certain,,
,Value chain GHG emissions  Scope 3 emissions,
,,"–
external water governance arrangements"
period through the movements in share price,,
,in our reported GHG emissions inventory.,
,,and their effectiveness
and dividends paid (which are assumed to be,,
,WAF (Water Accounting Framework)  A common,
reinvested). It is the measure used to compare,,
,mining and metals industry approach to water,
BHP’s performance to that of other relevant,,
,accounting in Australia.,
companies under the Long-Term Incentive Plan.,,
,Type 1 (in relation to water quality)  Water of high,
Unadjusted (in respect to GHG emissions data),,
,quality that would require minimal (if any) treatment,
Unadjusted means calculated to present the,,
,to meet drinking water standards. This water is,
GHG emissions data for a reporting year so that,,
,considered high quality/high grade in the ICMM,
any relevant changes that occurred during the,,
,‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).,
"year (including acquisitions, divestments and/",,
or methodology changes) are applied only from,Type 2 (in relation to water quality)  Water of,
the date they took effect. Also see the definition,medium quality that would require moderate,
for Adjusted.,treatment to meet drinking water standards (it,
,may have a high salinity threshold of no higher,
Underlying attributable profit  Profit/(loss) after,,
,"than 5,000 milligrams per litre total dissolved solids",
taxation attributable to BHP shareholders,,
,and other individual constituents). This water is,
excluding any exceptional items attributable,,
,considered high quality/high grade in the ICMM,
to BHP shareholders as described in Financial,,
,‘Good Practice’ Guide (2nd Edition) (2021).,
Statements note 3 ‘Exceptional items’. For more,,
information refer to OFR 13.,,