=== Page 5 ===
3
 Operating and Financial Review Additional Information Financial Statements Governance Contents Overview
1. Excluding the  contribution of the Blackwater and Daunia mines, divested 
by BMA on 2 Apr il 2024.
2. For more  information on Non-IFRS Financial Information refer to OFR  13.
3. Combined employee  and contractor frequency per 1 m illion hours worked. 
Excludes OZ Minerals Brazil  assets.
4. For more  information on the calculation of this metric and on our GHG emissions 
targets and goals refer to OFR 9.8 .
5. For more  information on this metric and how we define gender balance refer to OFR 9.5 .
6. For more  information on our total economic contribution, refer to the BHP Economic 
Contribution Report 2025 . 
7. For more  information on this metric refer to OFR  9.12.High potential  
injury frequency³ Fatalities
 18%
From FY20240
FY2024:1
Operational greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scopes 1 and 2 from our operated assets)4
 5%
on FY2024 and we remain on track to achieve 
our medium-term target by FY2030
Indigenous partnerships7
US$853 m
up 40% on FY2024Record  Indigenous 
procurement spendAchieving gender balance5
41.3 %
Female employee representation  
at 30 June 2025We achieved our aspirational goal 
of gender balance by CY2025, 
having started this journey 
at 17.6% female employee 
representation in CY2016
Total economic contribution6
US$46.8 bn  
We contributed US$40.5bn to suppliers, contractors, 
employees, governments and voluntary investment in social 
projects across the communities where we operate during the 
year. This was 87% of our total economic contribution.

=== Page 6 ===
Chair’s review
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to provide BHP’s Annual Report 
for FY2025.
It is an honour and a privilege to be your new 
Chair. Your Board and I are excited about the 
future of this great company. 
I want to acknowledge the contribution of my 
predecessor, Ken MacKenzie, who led the 
Board as Chair for seven years. I thank Ken 
for his outstanding service to the Board and 
BHP during his tenure. Ken leaves a lasting 
legacy at BHP.
In times of global uncertainty, stability and 
resilience matter. BHP has stood for both 
for 140 years.
What we do matters. The world needs more 
of the materials we produce to develop, 
decarbonise and digitalise.
BHP has a substantial role to play in 
producing the vital materials the world 
needs and in contributing to the success 
of the global economy.
We remain well positioned to meet global 
demand for the commodities we produce 
in order to create long-term value for our 
shareholders, local communities, customers, 
suppliers and partners.
Rewarding shareholders 
BHP has a simple, clear strategy that is resilient 
amid any operating environment. Executing this 
strategy has allowed us to perform well through 
mining and economic cycles.
The company performed strongly in FY2025, 
generating significant cash flow. Healthy cash 
returns are important for shareholders, including 
the hundreds of thousands of retail shareholders 
who rely on BHP to support their income and 
retirement. Over the past five years, BHP has 
delivered more than US$50 billion in cash 
dividends to our shareholders.
Our Capital Allocation Framework (CAF) 
promotes discipline in all our capital 
decisions  and prioritises capital for safety 
and maintenance, balance sheet strength 
and a minimum dividend payout ratio of 
50 per cent of underlying attributable profit 
at every reporting period.
For FY2025, your Board determined dividends 
totalling 110 US cents a share. This represents 
a total distribution to shareholders of 
US$5.6 billion, or 55 per cent of the underlying 
attributable profit for FY2025.
Building for the future 
Our performance allows us to plan for 
and invest in value adding growth projects. 
BHP has a strong growth pipeline of organic 
and greenfield projects in copper, iron ore 
and potash.
Our growth strategy generates greater exposure 
to commodities that the world needs to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions and as the population 
grows, continues to urbanise and seeks higher 
living standards.Continuing to evolve
As we have for the past 140 years, we continued 
to position BHP’s portfolio to align to the global 
trends shaping our future. We have reshaped 
BHP’s portfolio to increase our exposure to 
future-facing commodities and higher-quality 
steelmaking materials.
Our iron ore business is a critical part of our 
future and we have extended our lead as the 
lowest-cost major iron ore producer globally. 
We have achieved a world-leading position 
in copper, which is key to renewable energy, 
electric vehicles and data centres.
We are developing a position in potash that will 
contribute to food security and more sustainable 
land use. We have focused our steelmaking 
coal portfolio on higher-quality coals preferred 
by our customers to produce steel for cities 
and infrastructure for decarbonisation.
Today, we have a portfolio and options for 
growth that leave us well positioned to provide 
the commodities the world will need more of 
in the decades to come.
Looking ahead 
Your company is well placed to meet the 
challenges of our rapidly changing world. 
It is the combination of our outstanding people, 
world-class assets and execution excellence that 
creates long-term value for our shareholders and 
for the communities where we live. In FY2025, 
we showed that the consistent execution of our 
clear and simple strategy delivers results.
BHP is an outstanding business in great 
shape and I am confident we can continue 
to create value for you, our partners and many 
other stakeholders in the year ahead and for 
decades to come.
I look forward to meeting you at our Annual 
General Meeting.
Thank you for your continued support.
Ross McEwan
ChairYour company is well placed 
to meet the challenges of 
our rapidly changing world. 
It is the combination of 
our outstanding people, 
world -class assets and 
execution excellence that 
creates long-term value for 
our shareholders and for the 
communities where we live.”4
BHP  Annual Report 2025

=== Page 10 ===
2 Our business
A resource mix for today – and for the future
We have copper, which is used in electrification and renewable power and is important 
for digitalisation. We have iron ore, which is essential for making steel needed for 
construction, including renewables infrastructure. Our higher-quality steelmaking coal 
is used in the blast furnace process for making steel. We are developing a world-class 
potash asset. Potash is used in fertilisers to assist with food security for a growing 
population and more sustainable land use. We are also a major producer of uranium 
and gold, which are by-products of our copper production.2.1 Our portfolio
Record group copper production
2.02  Mt
 8% on FY2024Copper
We are one of the world’s largest copper 
producers. We continue to pursue our strategy 
to increase our exposure to copper by effective 
capital allocation to grow our existing assets and 
through exploration, acquisition and early-stage 
options. We are using technical innovation, such 
as new flotation technology, to help control 
energy costs and unlock value.
Our copper production rose 8 per cent in 
FY2025 to a record of over 2 million tonnes (Mt). 
We have grown annual copper production by 
28 per cent since FY2022. 
Escondida in Chile is the world’s largest copper 
mine and achieved its highest production in 
17 years. Spence in Chile achieved record 
production, while in Australia, Copper SA finished 
the year strongly with copper production records 
in June and for the second half of the year.In FY2025, we increased our early-stage options 
in copper by forming the Vicuña joint venture 
with Canada’s Lundin Mining to hold the 
Josemaria and Filo del Sol copper prospects 
on the Argentina-Chile border. This joint venture 
provides an exciting opportunity to jointly 
develop an emerging copper district with 
world -class potential.
Group copper production for FY2026 is expected 
to remain strong at between 1.8 Mt and 2 Mt on 
a consolidated basis. As we look ahead to the 
2030s, we have a number of projects in execution 
and under study that we estimate could deliver 
2 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa) of attributable 
copper production during the decade.1
For more information refer to 
OFR 6.1Iron ore
Western Australia Iron Ore (WAIO) is the 
lowest-cost major iron ore producer globally2 
and has one of the lowest greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emission production intensities of 
benchmarked iron ore operations.3
WAIO set multiple records in FY2025, including 
for full-year production of 257 Mt (290 Mt on 
a 100 per cent basis). South Flank exceeded 
its name plate capacity production of 80 Mt 
(100 per cent basis) in its first full year of 
operation after being delivered on time and 
on budget in FY2024. 
The efficiency of our infrastructure hubs 
continued to strengthen performance, with rail, 
port and technology investments delivering 
tangible production outcomes.
Production for FY2026 is expected to be between 
284 and 296 Mt (100 per cent basis) incorporating 
the planned renewal of Car Dumper 3 in the first 
half of FY2026 and the ongoing tie-in activities 
for the Rail Technology Programme.
Production increased by 34 per cent at Samarco 
in Brazil to 6.4 Mt (12.8 Mt 100 per cent basis) in 
FY2025 following the ramp up of a second 
concentrator ahead of schedule. 
For more information refer to OFR 6.2
1. Represents our current aspiration for BHP group attributable copper production, and not intended to be a projection, forecast or production target and investors should not rely on 
this aspirational statement when making any investment decisions. The statement is aspirational as it is contingent on potential increases in production rates, as well as potential from 
non-operated joint ventures and exploration programs (which are uncertain and may not be realised). The pathway is subject to the completion of technical studies to support Mineral 
Resource and Ore Reserves estimates, capital allocation, regulatory approvals, market capacity and, in certain cases, the development of exploration assets, in which factors are uncertain.
2. BHP internal analysis based on WAIO C1 reported unit costs compared to publicly available unit costs reported by major competitors (including Fortescue, Rio Tinto and Vale), adjusted 
based on publicly available financial information.8
BHP  Annual Report 2025

=== Page 11 ===
Third-consecutive full-year 
production record
263  Mt
 1% on FY2024Focusing on higher-quality product
18 Mt
 19% on FY2024Steelmaking coal
We continue to focus our steelmaking coal 
operations in Queensland on higher-quality 
product and have one of the lowest GHG 
emission production intensities of benchmarked 
export steelmaking coal mines.3 
Excluding the contribution of the Blackwater 
and Daunia mines, which were divested in 
FY2024, production increased 5 per cent to 
18 Mt in FY2025 (36 Mt 100 per cent basis). 
Raw coal inventory levels increased 12 per cent. 
The strong performance was underpinned by 
improved truck productivity and led to increased 
production across all open-cut mines.
Our focus on rebuilding raw coal inventory 
enabled us to stabilise operating performance 
We are developing one of the world’s largest 
potash mines in Canada. Jansen will increase 
our product diversification, customer base and 
operating footprint, and expand our business 
into a future growth market. 
Jansen Stage 1 (JS1) was 68 per cent complete 
by the end of FY2025. 
In July 2025, we announced updates relating 
to the Jansen potash project.
We estimate capital expenditure for JS1 to increase 
from our original estimate of US$5.7 billion to be 
in the range of US$7.0 billion to US$7.4 billion 
including contingencies, and first production to 
revert back to the original schedule of mid-CY2027. 
We expect to update the market on JS1’s timing 
and optimised capital expenditure estimate in the 
second half of FY2026.Major global producer by the end of the decade
US$7.0–US$7.4bn
Estimated capital expenditure for Jansen Stage  1Potash
3. For CY2024, the GHG emissions intensity of our production of our commodities is estimated to rank in the first quartile for our iron ore and sitting across first and second quartiles for copper 
and steelmaking coal mines of global mining operations analysed by CRU. This analysis is based on CY2024 data from CRU (as CRU data is prepared on a calendar year basis) and includes 
CRU’s assumptions and estimates of BHP’s operations. For more information on how the GHG emission intensity for our iron ore, and copper, and steelmaking coal mines has been calculated 
and compared refer to the BHP ESG Standards and Databook 2025 available at bhp.com/ESGSD2025 .We have decided to extend the execution 
of JS2 by two years, shifting first production 
from FY2029 to FY2031, as part of our regular 
review  of capex sequencing under the Capital 
Allocation  Framework.
JS2’s capital expenditure remains under review 
and we expect to update the market on JS2’s 
optimised capital expenditure estimate in the 
second half of FY2026.
Jansen is a world-class asset and is expected 
to have operating costs at the low end of the 
cost curve when fully ramped up.
For more information refer to OFR 6.4across the asset and increase production despite 
geotechnical challenges at Broadmeadow and 
a 36 per cent year-on-year increase in rainfall.
Production for FY2026 is expected to increase 
to between 18 and 20 Mt (36 and 40 Mt on a 
100 per cent basis), weighted to the second half, 
while unit costs are expected to decrease with 
guidance between US$116/t and US$128/t as 
we push to further improve productivity. 
Our focus on improving value chain stability will 
continue into CY2027 as we continue to rebuild 
raw coal inventory to sustainable levels and 
normalising strip ratios. 
For more information refer to OFR 6.39
 Overview Additional Information Financial Statements Governance Contents Operating and Financial Review