=== Page 11 ===
440+
Total full-time 
employees380+
Flexible 
workforce
OUR ESG 
COMMITMENT
In a rapidly evolving industry, Boom remains committed to upholding its Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) principles. 
Boom remains focused on delivering sustainable performance, engaging meaningfully with its communities, and upholding 
strong standards of integrity across all areas of its operations.
In FY25, the Company made meaningful progress in advancing its ESG capabilities. The 3-year ESG roadmap that was 
developed in FY24 informed the Company on how to strengthen its foundations and strategically address the ESG risks and 
opportunities most relevant to its business to create long-term shareholder value.
In FY25, the Company completed the materiality assessment which it commenced in FY24. This resource will enable the 
Company to identify and prioritise the ESG topics which will shape the development of its long-term ESG strategy and 
reporting focus and will inform its FY26 ESG workplan. 
Based on our materiality assessment and stakeholder insights, the Company’s material sustainability pillars are:
Efficiency 	■Emission and Energy Efficiency (e.g. managing emissions intensities).
	■Innovative Solutions & Opportunities in Clean Tech (e.g., serving renewable 
energy markets).
Safe, Inclusive and 
Proficient Workforce	■Occupational Health & Safety (zero harm).
	■Workforce Diversity, Development & Training (skilled, proficient teams).
Responsible Business 	■Compliance, Ethics and Transparency
	■Sustainable Financial Performance
During FY25 the Company accelerated work on its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emission assessment. FY23 and FY24 data 
was analysed and has established a baseline that will guide the Company’s approach to emissions management and will allow 
it to prepare for compliance with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards for which the Company will report on 
from FY27 .
Boom Logistics Annual Report 2025 9

=== Page 23 ===
Indemnification and Insurance
The Company has entered into Deeds of Access, Indemnity 
and Insurance with each of the Directors and the Company 
Secretary, under which the Company indemnifies, to the extent 
not precluded by law from doing so, those persons against any 
liability they incur in or arising out of discharging their duties. 
No indemnity has been granted to an auditor of the Group in 
their capacity as auditor. 
During the financial year, the Company has paid an insurance 
premium for the benefit of the Directors and officers of the 
Company in accordance with common commercial practice. The 
insurance policy prohibits disclosure of the liability insured and 
the amount of the premium. 
Nature of Operations and Principal Activities
During the year, the principal activity of the Group was the 
provision of lifting solutions. 
Operating and Financial Review
A review of Group operations and results for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2025 is set out in the operating and financial 
review section of the Annual Report and in the accompanying 
financial statements. 
Corporate Governance
The Group recognises the need for the highest standards of 
corporate behaviour and accountability. The Directors of Boom 
Logistics have accordingly followed the recommendations set by 
the ASX Corporate Governance Council. For further information 
on corporate governance policies adopted by Boom Logistics 
Limited, refer to our website: www.boomlogistics.com.au/
about-us/corporate-governance and annual reports. 
Significant Changes in the State of Affairs
There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs 
other than that reported in the Operating and Financial Review 
section disclosed above. 
Subsequent Events after the Balance Date 
Dividend
Subsequent to 30 June 2025, the Board have resolved to 
pay an unfranked final dividend of 2.0 cents per share on 
30 September 2025 to shareholders on the register at 
29 August 2025. The estimated liability based on the number 
of ordinary shares at year end is $0.825 million. The dividend 
has not been provided for in the 30 June 2025 year end financial 
statements.CEO departure
On 17 July 2025, Mr. Ben Pieyre has tendered his resignation as 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the Group. A 
comprehensive search for his replacement will commence and is 
expected to be appointed later in 2025. Mr. Pieyre will continue 
in the role until 31 December 2025. 
Incident at Clarke Creek Wind Farm
On 2 July 2025, an incident occurred at Clarke Creek Wind Farm 
which resulted in the fatality of a Boom employee. Authorities 
were notified and investigations are ongoing. Boom has been 
and will continue to assist authorities with their enquiries.
Likely Developments and Expected Results
The Directors expect performance to continue to improve as a 
result of building new revenue and expanding services in key 
geographies and markets. Maintaining control of costs will 
ensure revenue is delivered at improved margins and increase 
profit and return on capital. 
The Directors are cognisant of the requirement to continuously 
disclose material matters to the market. At this time, other 
than the matters addressed in this financial report there are 
no matters sufficiently advanced or at a level of certainty that 
would require disclosure. 
Environmental Regulation and Performance
The Board confirms that the Group has adequate systems and 
processes in place to manage and comply with environmental 
regulations as they apply to the Group. This includes the 
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 
which requires the Group to report energy consumption 
and greenhouse gas emissions for the 12 months ended 
30 June 2025 and future periods. There have been no significant 
known breaches of any environmental regulations to which the 
Group is subject. 
Remuneration Report – Audited 
The Directors of Boom Logistics Limited present the 
Remuneration Report for the Company and the Group for 
financial year ended 30 June 2025 (FY25). This report outlines 
the remuneration arrangements in place for non-executive 
directors (NEDs) and the Managing Director and Senior 
Executives (Executive KMP). 
Key management personnel (KMP) are those persons who, 
directly or indirectly, have authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the 
Company and Group. 
Principles of Remuneration Practices
The Group’s remuneration practices are designed to maintain 
alignment with business strategy, shareholder interests 
Boom Logistics Annual Report 2025 21