=== Page 56 ===
Sustainability Report.
Climate Statements
Basis of preparation
Reporting framework
This report represents the climate-related financial disclosures 
(Climate Statements ) for Bank of Queensland Limited and its 
controlled subsidiaries (collectively, BOQ , BOQ Group or the Group ) 
for the year ended 31 August 2025. 
This is the final year BOQ will prepare the Climate Statements 
on a voluntary basis. From the year ending 31 August 2026, 
BOQ will be required to prepare an annual sustainability report 
in accordance with the mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and 
related requirements in the new Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standard AASB S2 Climate-related disclosures ( AASB S2 ).
These Climate Statements have been prepared with reference 
to AASB S2 and voluntary reporting framework the Global 
Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Standards, issued by the GRI. Data 
used and included within the Climate Statements is for the 
financial year ended 31 August 2025, unless otherwise stated. 
The Climate Statements should be read in conjunction with 
the accompanying notes on pages 60 to 62 and the Glossary 
commencing on page 219.
Governance
Board oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
The Board is responsible for the oversight of environmental, social 
and governance ( ESG ) and sustainability matters. The Board 
oversees progress and approves changes to the Group’s climate and 
sustainability-related priorities, including climate commitments.
The Board is supported in this work by its Committees. Each 
Committee has a Charter which sets out its purpose, composition, 
and responsibilities. Committee Chairs report throughout the year 
to the Board on their Committee's work. For further information on 
the Board and its Committees, including Chairs and frequency of 
meetings, see pages 37 to 38 in the Corporate Governance section 
of this Annual Report.
Below is a summary of the key Committees and their role in 
overseeing sustainability-related matters.Climate matters considered in 2025
The following is an outline of key climate-related matters that were 
considered by the Board and its Committees in 2025:
• BOQ’s Sustainability Commitments, including becoming a 
signatory to UN Environment Programme Finance Initiative’s 
(UNEPFI ) Principles for Responsible Banking  (UN PRB ) and 
adopting the Guidance for Climate Target Setting for Banks  in 
place of the Group’s prior commitments including on fossil fuel 
extraction, and decision to discontinue BOQ’s Climate Active 
Carbon Neutral Certification from 2025.
• Oversight of strategic sustainability priorities, including 
updates on:
a) Stakeholder engagement and the annual Materiality 
Assessment refresh;
b) Carbon Market participation;
c) Uplifts to sustainability governance; 
d) Quantification of the Group’s greenhouse gas ( GHG ) 
emissions; and
e) Climate Risk Appetite (Target) setting activities.
• Oversight of sustainability reporting and assurance activities 
with a focus on preparing for mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosures, and related obligations and guidance.
• Oversight of training to Executive and Key Management 
Personnel ( KMP ) on climate-related matters. 
• Development of documents relating to Sustainability governance.
Board Committee Roles and Responsibilities
Board Audit Committee 
(BAC )BAC oversees and monitors the Group’s sustainability-related reporting, ensuring transparency 
and accountability. 
In 2025, BAC reviewed the effectiveness of processes and controls in place for sustainability 
reporting, and engagement with senior management, the external auditor and other relevant 
stakeholders.
Board Risk Committee 
(BRC )BRC is responsible for overseeing BOQ’s management of Sustainability (ESG) risk and  
related controls.
In 2025, BRC confirmed Sustainability (ESG) remained a material risk for BOQ.
Nomination and  
Governance Committee  
(NGC )NGC is responsible for ensuring the Board comprises Directors who collectively bring 
appropriate skills, knowledge, experience, and independence to effectively oversee the Group’s 
sustainability responsibilities. The Board Skills Matrix enables the Board to regularly assess its 
collective capabilities and identify areas for ongoing development, and includes Sustainability & 
Stakeholder Engagement as a requisite skill. 
In 2025, the NGC oversaw the assessment of Directors against the Board Skills Matrix. For more 
information see page 39 of the Corporate Governance section of this Annual Report.
56
Bank of Queensland Limited and its Controlled Entities

=== Page 58 ===
Sustainability Report.
Strategy 
BOQ recognises the importance of addressing climate change 
and incorporating climate-related risks and opportunities 
(CRROs ) into decision-making. The Group seeks to align its 
climate aspirations with the Paris Climate Agreement. 
BOQ also recognises that significant challenges lie ahead for both 
global and local economies in transitioning to and achieving net-
zero GHG emissions by 2050. A transition to net zero is dependent 
on many factors, including the effectiveness of GHG emissions 
reduction activities by BOQ’s customers, suppliers and partners, 
as well as broader industry collaboration and government policy.
Engaging with stakeholders
During 2025, the Group reviewed its stakeholder engagement 
approach, established a new Stakeholder Engagement Standard 
and approved an annual engagement plan. The 2025 annual 
engagement plan involved a range of stakeholders, with a focus 
on primary users of the Climate Statements and Financial Report.
For more information on our stakeholder engagement process 
refer to the Sustainability Data Pack.
 Identification of climate-related risks and opportunities
Together with insights from environmental scans, BOQ's 
stakeholder engagement identified BOQ’s potential exposure to 
climate-related risks, and potential climate-related opportunities 
for the Group. These CRROs were presented to the Sustainability 
Committee for consideration in strategic decision-making. 
BOQ acknowledges that it will need to develop and undertake 
detailed qualitative and quantitative scenario analysis to better 
understand the Group’s exposure to physical and transition 
climate risks, including transmission pathways. For more 
detail on our Climate Risk Management Roadmap, including 
our evolving approach to scenario analysis, see the Risk 
Management section of this report.
Response to climate related-risks and opportunities 
In September 2024, BOQ became a signatory to the Net-Zero 
Banking Alliance ( NZBA ) and the UN PRB, aligning with the 
Group’s commitment to the Paris Agreement and net-zero by 
2050. While NZBA ceased operations in October 2025, BOQ 
remains committed to implementation of UNEPFI’s Guidance 
for Climate Target Setting for Banks . As a result, BOQ’s previous 
climate targets and commitments were retired.
During 2025, as part of implementing the UN PRB framework, and 
in preparation for Australia's mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosure requirements, the Group has quantified Scope 1 emissions, 
Scope 2 emissions (location and market based) and Scope 3 
operational emissions (Categories 1-14). In addition, the Group 
has identified four key sectors within the lending and investment 
portfolios where it has, or is most likely to have, the most significant 
impact when seeking to align with pathways to net-zero by 2050.
 Operational emissions
 Financed emissionsIn 2026, BOQ intends to set and disclose appropriate near-term 
science-based targets to align with UNEPFI’s Guidance for 
Climate Target Setting for Banks , and with reference to the BOQ 
RAS. In determining the level of climate transition risk the Group 
might be willing to tolerate (risk appetite), BOQ is considering 
convergence to science-based sectoral decarbonisation 
pathways to represent triggers and limits (lower and upper 
boundaries). This is distinct from performance targets, which the 
Group may additionally adopt to measure progress against 
climate action plans.
In the near term and the longer term, this may involve working 
directly with suppliers and customers to understand their:
• Plans to reduce their reliance on fossil fuels across their  
value chain; 
• Pathways for a just and inclusive transition to a lower carbon 
economy; and
• Consideration of potential adverse impacts on people  
and communities.
Metrics and Targets
Estimating BOQ’s GHG emissions is an important step in 
quantifying the Group’s climate transition risk and identifying 
where and how the Group can take meaningful action to reduce 
negative climate impacts.
In preparation for mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosures, during 2025 BOQ continued enhancing processes 
and controls in relation to the quantification of emissions. BOQ 
also made progress on the Group’s estimate of GHG emissions 
associated with financing activities (financed emissions), as an 
important part of understanding CRROs.
The methodologies and scientific knowledge underpinning 
these estimates are detailed, complex and inherently uncertain. 
As reasonably available data and methodologies improve, 
and impacts of mandatory reporting on BOQ’s value-chain 
stakeholders is better understood, BOQ generally expect 
accuracy of emissions estimation to improve over time.
See Notes to the Climate Statements for further details on 
metrics and targets including definitions and methodology.
Operational emissions
BOQ remains committed to reducing operational emissions, 
through consideration and management of the Group’s energy 
usage and sourcing, and the procurement and retirement of 
carbon credits where appropriate. Below is a summary of the 
Groups operational emissions for the period.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
Absolute gross GHG emissions for the 
financial year ended 31 August (tC0 2-e) 2025 2024
Scope 1 emissions 270 328
Scope 2 emissions – location-based 2,785 3,293
Scope 2 emissions – market-based - -
58
Bank of Queensland Limited and its Controlled Entities

=== Page 59 ===
Scope 3 operational emissions
Absolute gross GHG emissions for the 
financial year ended 31 August (tC0 2-e) 2025 2024
Category 1 & 2 Purchased goods and 
services, Capital Goods27,175 30,515
Category 3 Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities 96 83
Category 4 Upstream Transportation and 
Distribution474 511
Category 5 Waste Generated in Operations 491 557
Category 6 Business Travel 1,952 1,792
Category 7 Employee Commuting 4,293 5,108
Category 8 Upstream Leased Assets 1,146 1,378
Category 12 End-of-Life Treatment of Sold 
Products73 59
Total Scope 3 operational GHG emissions 
(categories 1-14) (tC0 2-e)35,700 40,003
Categories 9-11, 13 and 14 were assessed as not relevant to BOQ’s 
business model and therefore have not been disclosed.
Use of Large-scale Generation Certificates 
In 2025, BOQ met its commitment to source the equivalent of 100 
per cent of electricity demands from renewables (2024: 100 per 
cent) through the purchase of GreenPower and the purchase and 
surrender of Large-scale Generation Certificates ( LGCs ). In meeting 
this commitment, LGCs may be surrendered in advance, with 
some LGCs then used to claim electricity consumed as renewable 
during the reporting period, and other LGCs banked for use in 
future reporting periods. LGCs used for the reporting period were 
sourced from facilities on the East Coast of Australia where the 
majority of BOQ facilities are located and to support the transition to 
a lower carbon economy in the local communities BOQ serves. BOQ 
continues to work with its partners on expanding the direct sourcing 
of renewable electricity for its sites where possible.
Below is a summary of BOQ’s LGC bank, and utilisation for the 
reporting period:
2025 2024
Climate Active Carbon Neutral Certified 
Organisation statusNo longer 
certifiedCertified
LGC bank opening balance 1,031 413
LGC acquired and surrendered (2)- 2,000
LGC used to claim electricity consumed  
as renewable(652) (1,382)(1)
LGC bank closing balance 379 1,031
(1) Restated to align with new information from third party suppliers on procurement 
of 100% GreenPower for several of BOQ's corporate offices and branches. BOQ's 
Climate Active Public Disclosure Statement for FY24 reported this as 375.
(2) LGCs may have been acquired and retired before or after the reporting period.Use of carbon credits
BOQ’s priority is to operationalise direct emissions reductions. 
BOQ recognises the role of carbon credits and has previously 
relied on carbon credits to offset residual operational emissions. 
The Group has not sought to renew its Climate Active Carbon 
Neutral Certification beyond 2024.
Below is a summary of BOQ’s carbon credit bank, and utilisation 
for the reporting period:
2025 2024 2023
Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
Certified Organisation statusNo longer 
certifiedCertified Certified
Total Scope 1, Scope 2 market-
based and Scope 3 operational 
emissions for the reporting 
period (tC0 2-e)35,970 40,331 38,425 (1)
Carbon bank opening balance 1,133 25,464 33,690 (2)
Carbon credits acquired and 
retired for the reporting period (4) - 16,000 62,500
Carbon credits used to  
offset emissions- (40,331) (38,425) (1)
Carbon bank closing balance 1,133 1,133 25,464 (3)
(1) Restated to align with information reported within BOQ's Climate Active Public 
Disclosure for FY24. BOQ Group reported this as 30,199 in the FY24 Annual Report.
(2) Restated to align with information reported within BOQ's Climate Active Public 
Disclosure for FY24. BOQ Group reported this as 1,389 in the FY24 Annual Report.
(3) Restated to align with information reported within BOQ's Climate Active Public 
Disclosure Statement for FY23. BOQ Group reported this as 33,690 in the FY24 
Annual Report.
(4) Carbon credits may have been acquired and retired before or after the  
reporting period.
 
2025 Annual Report
59