=== Table 1 (page 58) ===
Sustainability Report.,
,"In 2026, BOQ intends to set and disclose appropriate near-term"
Strategy,
,science-based targets to align with UNEPFI’s Guidance for
BOQ recognises the importance of addressing climate change,
,"Climate Target Setting for Banks, and with reference to the BOQ"
and incorporating climate-related risks and opportunities,
,RAS. In determining the level of climate transition risk the Group
(CRROs) into decision-making. The Group seeks to align its,
,"might be willing to tolerate (risk appetite), BOQ is considering"
climate aspirations with the Paris Climate Agreement.,
,convergence to science-based sectoral decarbonisation
BOQ also recognises that significant challenges lie ahead for both,pathways to represent triggers and limits (lower and upper
global and local economies in transitioning to and achieving net-,"boundaries). This is distinct from performance targets, which the"
zero GHG emissions by 2050. A transition to net zero is dependent,Group may additionally adopt to measure progress against
"on many factors, including the effectiveness of GHG emissions",climate action plans.
"reduction activities by BOQ’s customers, suppliers and partners,",
,"In the near term and the longer term, this may involve working"
as well as broader industry collaboration and government policy.,
,directly with suppliers and customers to understand their:
Engaging with stakeholders,
,"• 
Plans to reduce their reliance on fossil fuels across their"
"During 2025, the Group reviewed its stakeholder engagement",
,value chain;
"approach, established a new Stakeholder Engagement Standard",
,"• 
Pathways for a just and inclusive transition to a lower carbon"
and approved an annual engagement plan. The 2025 annual,
"engagement plan involved a range of stakeholders, with a focus",economy; and
on primary users of the Climate Statements and Financial Report.,"• 
Consideration of potential adverse impacts on people"
For more information on our stakeholder engagement process,and communities.
refer to the Sustainability Data Pack.,
Identification of climate-related risks and opportunities,Metrics and Targets
"Together with insights from environmental scans, BOQ's",
,Estimating BOQ’s GHG emissions is an important step in
stakeholder engagement identified BOQ’s potential exposure to,
,quantifying the Group’s climate transition risk and identifying
"climate-related risks, and potential climate-related opportunities",
,where and how the Group can take meaningful action to reduce
for the Group. These CRROs were presented to the Sustainability,
,negative climate impacts.
Committee for consideration in strategic decision-making.,
,In preparation for mandatory climate-related financial
BOQ acknowledges that it will need to develop and undertake,
,"disclosures, during 2025 BOQ continued enhancing processes"
detailed qualitative and quantitative scenario analysis to better,
,and controls in relation to the quantification of emissions. BOQ
understand the Group’s exposure to physical and transition,
,also made progress on the Group’s estimate of GHG emissions
"climate risks, including transmission pathways. For more",
,"associated with financing activities (financed emissions), as an"
"detail on our Climate Risk Management Roadmap, including",
,important part of understanding CRROs.
"our evolving approach to scenario analysis, see the Risk",
,The methodologies and scientific knowledge underpinning
Management section of this report.,
,"these estimates are detailed, complex and inherently uncertain."
Response to climate related-risks and opportunities,"As reasonably available data and methodologies improve,"
"In September 2024, BOQ became a signatory to the Net-Zero",and impacts of mandatory reporting on BOQ’s value-chain
"Banking Alliance (NZBA) and the UN PRB, aligning with the","stakeholders is better understood, BOQ generally expect"
Group’s commitment to the Paris Agreement and net-zero by,accuracy of emissions estimation to improve over time.
"2050. While NZBA ceased operations in October 2025, BOQ",
,See Notes to the Climate Statements for further details on
remains committed to implementation of UNEPFI’s Guidance,
,metrics and targets including definitions and methodology.
"for Climate Target Setting for Banks. As a result, BOQ’s previous",
,Operational emissions
climate targets and commitments were retired.,
,"BOQ remains committed to reducing operational emissions,"
"During 2025, as part of implementing the UN PRB framework, and",
,through consideration and management of the Group’s energy
in preparation for Australia's mandatory climate-related financial,
,"usage and sourcing, and the procurement and retirement of"
"disclosure requirements, the Group has quantified Scope 1 emissions,",
,carbon credits where appropriate. Below is a summary of the
Scope 2 emissions (location and market based) and Scope 3,
,Groups operational emissions for the period.
"operational emissions (Categories 1-14). In addition, the Group",
has identified four key sectors within the lending and investment,
,Scope 1 and 2 emissions
"portfolios where it has, or is most likely to have, the most significant",
impact when seeking to align with pathways to net-zero by 2050.,Absolute gross GHG emissions for the
,"financial year ended 31 August (tC02-e)
2025
2024"
Operational emissions,
,"Scope 1 emissions
328
270"
,"Scope 2 emissions – location-based
3,293
2,785"
,"Scope 2 emissions – market-based
-
-"
Financed emissions,

=== Table 2 (page 59) ===
Scope 3 operational emissions,,,Use of carbon credits,,,
,,,,BOQ’s priority is to operationalise direct emissions reductions.,,
Absolute gross GHG emissions for the,,,,,,
,,,,BOQ recognises the role of carbon credits and has previously,,
financial year ended 31 August (tC02-e),2025,2024,,,,
,,,,relied on carbon credits to offset residual operational emissions.,,
Category 1 & 2 Purchased goods and,"27,175","30,515",,The Group has not sought to renew its Climate Active Carbon,,
"services, Capital Goods",,,Neutral Certification beyond 2024.,,,
,,,,"Below is a summary of BOQ’s carbon credit bank, and utilisation",,
Category 3 Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities,96,83,,,,
,,,for the reporting period:,,,
Category 4 Upstream Transportation and,474,511,,,,
,,,,2025,2024,2023
Distribution,,,,,,
,,,Climate Active Carbon Neutral,No longer,,
Category 5 Waste Generated in Operations,491,557,,,Certified,Certified
,,,Certified Organisation status,certified,,
Category 6 Business Travel,"1,952","1,792",,,,
,,,"Total Scope 1, Scope 2 market-",,,
,,,based and Scope 3 operational,,,
Category 7 Employee Commuting,"4,293","5,108",,"35,970","40,331","38,425 (1)"
,,,emissions for the reporting,,,
,,,period (tC02-e),,,
Category 8 Upstream Leased Assets,"1,146","1,378",,,,
Category 12 End-of-Life Treatment of Sold,73,59,Carbon bank opening balance,"1,133","25,464","33,690 (2)"
Products,,,,,,
,,,Carbon credits acquired and,,,
Total Scope 3 operational GHG emissions,"35,700","40,003",,-,"16,000","62,500"
,,,retired for the reporting period (4),,,
(categories 1-14) (tC02-e),,,,,,
,,,Carbon credits used to,,,
,,,,-,"(40,331)","(38,425) (1)"
"Categories 9-11, 13 and 14 were assessed as not relevant to BOQ’s",,,offset emissions,,,
business model and therefore have not been disclosed.,,,,,,
,,,Carbon bank closing balance,"1,133","1,133","25,464 (3)"
Use of Large-scale Generation Certificates,,,,,,

=== Table 3 (page 60) ===
Sustainability Report.,
,
Notes to the Climate Statements,Scope 2 GHG emissions
Metrics and targets,BOQ's Scope 2 emissions are primarily the result of the
,consumption of electricity and are calculated using the methods
Basis of preparation,
,set out in the most recent NGA Factors released at the start of
GHG emissions are reported for the 12-month period ended,the reporting period. BOQ estimates and reports its Scope 2
31 August 2025 (prior period: 31 August 2024). Absolute GHG,GHG emissions in two ways - one based on the location-based
,"method, and one based on the market-based method. Both"
emissions are measured as metric tonnes of CO2 equivalents,
,"methods utilise activity data for the consumption of electricity,"
(tC02-e).,
,including energy attributes such as GreenPower and renewable
"Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up to the totals",
,"energy certificates, in calculating Scope 2 emissions. Activity"
provided.,"data is obtained from third party records such as invoices,"
,"contracts, supplier statements, or the Australian Clean Energy"
Organisational boundary,"Regulator's Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) Registry,"
BOQ uses the operational control approach in determining,"where this is available. Where this is not available, electricity"
its organisation boundary for the purposes of measuring and,consumption is estimated based on:
"disclosing GHG emissions. Accordingly, Scope 1 and 2 GHG",
,"• 
Historical consumption data for the relevant facility;"
"emissions represent emissions for BOQ Group, excluding",
,"• 
The net lettable area of the BOQ facility and an estimated"
investees and associates. Investee and associate emissions are,
,average electricity consumption per square metre of other
included in Scope 3 emissions.,
,similar facilities in the same geographical region;
Emissions associated with the provision of heating and cooling to,"• 
The number of FTEs working at the BOQ facility and an average"
leased assets recognised in BOQ’s Financial Statements are not,estimated consumption for similar facilities per FTE; or
reported as Scope 2 GHG emissions where:,
,"• 
The distance travelled by electric vehicles under BOQ's operational"
,control and the energy efficiency per 100 kms for these vehicles.
"• 
BOQ, as the lessee, is not directly billed for the energy needed to",
generate the heating and cooling by the lessor or an energy retailer;,
,Location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions
"• 
There is no clear sub-metering or measurement of the energy",The location-based Scope 2 method estimates emissions from
consumed to provide the heating/cooling to these leased assets; and,the consumption of electricity in the context of the location
,of facilities under BOQ's operational control. It calculates the
"• 
BOQ does not have consumption control for heating and cooling",
,emissions from electricity consumption reflecting the emissions
to these leased assets.,
,intensity of electricity generation within the state or territory and
These emissions are reported as Scope 3 operational GHG,

=== Table 4 (page 61) ===
Scope 3 operational GHG emissions
"Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are indirect emissions that occur in BOQ's value chain, both upstream and downstream, which have not"
been recognised as Scope 1 or Scope 2 emissions. BOQ's Scope 3 operational emissions represent the Scope 3 GHG emissions estimated
for Scope 3 categories 1-14 as defined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.
BOQ’s Scope 3 operational emissions are primarily as a result of activities in BOQ’s upstream supply chain and include embodied
"emissions from data centres, IT software and hardware, capital works and repairs to buildings, communications, office equipment,"
"furniture, legal fees and insurance, fees from consultants supporting BOQ strategy and head office operations, waste disposal, and"
"employee business travel, commuting, and work from home emissions."
Scope 3 operational emissions calculations use a hybrid approach with some calculations using consumption amounts and others using
"spend information as activity data, as set out in the Scope 3 operational emissions calculation methodologies table below."
Scope 3 operational GHG emissions calculation methodologies
"Below is a summary of the data inputs, emission factors (most recent available at the start of the reporting period) and method used to"
estimate emissions for each Scope 3 operational emissions category:

=== Table 5 (page 61) ===
Scope 3 operational GHG emissions calculation methodologies,
"Below is a summary of the data inputs, emission factors (most recent available at the start of the reporting period) and method used to",
estimate emissions for each Scope 3 operational emissions category:,
Category,"Method, inputs and assumptions"
,"•  BOQ vendor level spend data obtained from BOQ financial records supplemented by 
Activity data:"
Category 1 & 2,
,management estimates (excluding recoverable GST amounts)
Purchased goods,
"and services,","•  USEEIO emissions factors (2022), adjusted for inflation and foreign currency fluctuations
Emission factors:"
Capital Goods,
,"•  Spend-based method
Method:"
,"• 
Third-party records, including invoices, fuel card records, contracts, supplier statements,  
Activity data:"
Category 3 Fuel-,
,"and the Clean Energy Regulator's REC Registry, supplemented by management estimates"
and Energy-,
Related Activities,"•  NGA Factors
Emission factors:"
(market-based,"• 
International Energy Agency Factors (IEA)"
where relevant),•  UK's Department for Energy Security & Net Zero (DESNZ) Factors
,•  United States Environmental Protection Agency – eGrid (2021)
,"•  Average-data method
Method:"
,"•  BOQ vendor level spend data
Activity data:"
Category 4,
,•  Supplier-supplied emissions data
Upstream,
Transportation,"•  USEEIO emissions factors (2022), adjusted for inflation and foreign currency fluctuations
Emission factors:"
and Distribution,
,"•  Spend-based method or distance-based method (supplier specific)
Method:"
,"• 
BOQ Group estimates of waste by type by site based on the number of FTE employees at each 
Activity data:"
Category 5,
,BOQ facility
Waste Generated,
in Operations,"•  NGA Factors
Emission factors:"
,"•  Average-data method
Method:"
,"•  Flight and hotel data sourced from BOQ Group’s corporate travel agency 
Activity data:"
Category 6,
Business Travel –,"•  DESNZ Factors including radiative forcing and well to tank emissions
Emission factors:"
Flights and Hotels,
,"•  Distance-based method
Method:"
,"•  Transport fuel consumption based on; corporate fuel card transport fuel, BOQ employee 
Activity data:"
Category 6,
,"fuel reimbursements, BOQ Motor Vehicle Allowances paid and assumed associated fuel"
Business Travel –,
,"consumption, supplier spend for taxis and assumed fuel consumption to spend ratio"
Ground travel,
,•  Distance travelled by vehicle type based on car hire rental number of days from BOQ Group's
,corporate travel agency and the relevant distance travel limit per rental
,"•  NGA Factors
Emission factors:"
,•  DESNZ Factors
,"•  Fuel-based method and distance-based method
Method:"
,"•  Management estimate using the number of FTE employees working at each BOQ location, 
Activity data:"
Category 7,
,assumed proportion of days working from home and Australian Census information of Population
Employee,
,and Housing: Commuting to Work
Commuting,
,"Emission factors:
•  DESNZ Factors"
,"Method:
•  Average-data method"
,"•  BOQ specific assumptions on energy consumption required for equipment used to facilitate 
Activity data:"
Category 7,
,working from home and proportion of days working from home per FTE employee
Employee,
Commuting,"•  NGA Factors
Emission factors:"
(Work from home),
,"•  Distance-based method
Method:"

=== Table 6 (page 66) ===
Limited Assurance Report on Sustainability Reporting.,
For the year ended 31 August 2025,
,Main procedures performed
,The procedures we performed in carrying out our limited assurance of the Subject Matter Information
,were based on our professional judgement and included:
,"Inspection of a sample of underlying evidence to assess the completeness of: 
•"
,facilities within the organisational boundary for the reporting entity; and
,o
,greenhouse gas emissions sources for these facilities;
,o
,"•  Enquiries of management regarding the methodologies, processes and controls for capturing,"
,"collating, calculating and reporting the Subject Matter Information, and assessing the alignment of"
,these with the Criteria;
,"•  Enquiries of management regarding the assumptions, greenhouse gas emission factors and conversion"
,factors applied within the calculations of the Subject Matter Information;
,•  Undertaking analytical procedures over the Subject Matter Information and the underlying activity
,data utilised within its preparation;
,"•  Reconciliation of the Subject Matter Information to underlying data sources and calculations, on a"
,sample basis;
,"•  Testing the calculations of the Subject Matter Information, including limited substantive testing of"
,activity data utilised within the calculations to third-party records and other relevant underlying
,"information, on a sample basis; and"
,•  Consideration of the disclosure and presentation of the Subject Matter Information and the Criteria.
,We have also performed procedures regarding the application of renewable energy certificates within the
,calculation of ‘Total Scope 2 emissions (market-based)’ and ‘Equivalent of renewable electricity
,"consumed’, encompassing the sourcing of GreenPower® products.  We have not, however, performed any"
,procedures regarding the external providers of GreenPower® products procured or renewable energy
,"certificates acquired and surrendered, and express no conclusion about whether these represent"
,renewable electricity generated or displaced.
,The BOQ Group Carbon Bank reconciliation disclosed on page 59 of the BOQ Group 2025 Annual Report
,"states that 40,331 carbon credits (the 2024 Carbon credits) were used to offset emissions for the year"
,ended 31 August 2024. We have performed procedures as to whether the 2024 Carbon credits were
,"acquired, surrendered and used by BOQ for this purpose prior to 31 August 2025 and are considered"
,"eligible offset units in accordance with the Criteria. We have not, however, performed any procedures"
,"regarding the external providers of the 2024 Carbon credits, and express no conclusion on about whether"
,"the 2024 Carbon credits have resulted, or will result, in a reduction of 40,331 tonnes of CO2-e."
66,Bank of Queensland Limited and its Controlled Entities

=== Table 7 (page 222) ===
Days past due (DPD),A loan or lease payment that has not been made by a customer by the due date.
Deferred Award Rights (DARs),A type of long-term variable reward granted to employees below Senior Executive Level.
,DARs vest subject to service conditions and a risk assessment.
Dividend payout ratio,Dividends paid on ordinary shares divided by earnings.
Dividend reinvestment plan,A plan which provides shareholders with the opportunity to convert all or part of their entitlement
(DRP),to a dividend into shares.
Dividend yield,Dividend per share as a percentage of the share price.
Earnings per share (EPS),Measure of earnings attributed to each equivalent ordinary share. This is calculated by dividing the
,company’s earnings by the weighted average number of shares on issue in accordance with AASB
,133 Earnings per share.
Economic Value (EV),The net present value of the bank’s assets and liabilities in the banking book.
Effective tax rate,Income tax expense divided by profit before tax.
Equipment hire purchase trust,"Trust under the REDS securitisation program, issuing asset backed securities to the term market."
(EHP trust),
Euro Medium Term Note,An offshore medium term note program.
(EMTN),
Eurocommercial paper,An offshore short term commercial paper program.
program (ECP),
Executive Performance Rights,"A type of long-term variable reward granted to senior employees, including executives. Vesting is"
(EPRs),subject to both financial and non-financial performance hurdles which are defined and disclosed in
,the remuneration report annually for each grant.
Expected credit loss (ECL),"Estimated credit losses, using a forward looking impairment methodology, accounted for in"
,accordance with AASB 9 Financial Instruments.
Fair value through other,Classification and measurement of financial assets under AASB 9 Financial Instruments. A financial
comprehensive income,asset is measured at FVOCI if it is held in a business model whose objective is achieved by both
(FVOCI),collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. The contractual cash flows must be
,solely payments of principal and interest.
Fair value through profit or,Classification and measurement of financial assets under AASB 9 Financial instruments. For
loss (FVTPL),financial assets measured at FVTPL all changes in fair value are recognised in the income
,statement.
,FVTPL includes financial assets that are held for trading.
Financed emissions,The portion of gross greenhouse gas emissions of an investee or counterparty attributed to the
,loans and investments made by BOQ to the investee or counterparty. These emissions are part of
,Scope 3 Category 15 (investments) as defined in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value
,Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).
Financial Accountability,Financial Accountability Regime Bill 2022 imposes core sets of obligations on authorised deposit-
Regime (FAR),"taking institutions, insurance companies, and superannuation funds."

=== Table 8 (page 223) ===
Full time equivalent (FTE),A calculation based on number of hours worked by full and part time employees as part of their
,normal duties.
Global Reporting Initiative,"A set of guidelines and principles for organisations to report on their economic, environmental and"
Standards (GRI),social impacts. These standards assist organisations in communicating sustainability performance
,and impact transparently.
Greenhouse gases (GHG),Refers to the release of gases into the atmosphere that trap heat and contribute to the greenhouse
,"effect, leading to the expansion of global warming and climate change. This includes Scope 1, 2 and"
,3 greenhouse gas emissions.
Greenhouse Gas Protocol:,An international standard for measuring and reporting greenhouse gas emissions.
Corporate Accounting and,
Reporting Standard,
(GHG Protocol),
Gross domestic product (GDP),Total monetary value of all goods and services produced in a country.
Gross loans and advances,"The principal amount of loans and advances provided, gross of provisions and deferred fee income"
(GLA),and including any accrued interest.
High quality liquid asset,"Comprises of the Bank’s notes and coins, central bank balances able to be drawn down and"
(HQLA1),marketable securities representing claims on or guaranteed by the Australian Government or Semi-
,Government authorities.
Impaired assets,Exposures that have deteriorated to the point where full collection of principal and interest is in
,doubt.
Intangible asset,"An identifiable, non-monetary asset which lacks physical substance."
Interest bearing liabilities,The Bank’s liabilities that accrue interest expense.
Interest rate risk in the,The risk of loss in net interest income (NII) or in the economic value (EV) in the banking book due to
banking book (IRRBB),movements in interest rates.
International Accounting,"Independent, private-sector body that develops and approves International Financial Reporting"
Standards Board (IASB),Standards.
Internal Capital Adequacy,"A framework introduced by APRA to be used by regulated financial institutions, to aid the"
Assessment Process (ICAAP),institutions in understanding their risk profile and capital needs to support it.
International Financial,Standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
Reporting Standards (IFRS),
Intergovernmental Panel,The United Nations body charged with overseeing climate change and publishing global
on Climate Change,climate models.
International Swaps and,"An agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), outlines"
Derivatives Agreement (ISDA),"the terms to be applied to a derivatives transaction between two parties, typically a derivatives"
,dealer and a counterparty.
Issued capital,Value of securities allotted in a company to its shareholders.

=== Table 9 (page 224) ===
Liquid assets,All unencumbered RBA repurchase eligible liquid assets including HQLA.
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR),The ratio represents the level of unencumbered high quality liquid assets available to meet
,"obligations over a 30-day period, under a regulator defined liquidity stress scenario."
Loan Impairment Expense,Loan impairment reflects changes in our estimates of expected loan losses as well as bad debts
(LIE),incurred during the year net of any recoveries.
Loan to Value Ratio (LVR),The ratio between the loan amount and the appraised value of the underlying asset.
Location-based emissions,Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions that reflect the average emissions intensity of the grid.
Loss given default (LGD),Loss of money by a bank when a customer defaults on a loan represented as a percentage of the
,total exposure at the time of default.
Market-based emissions,Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions that account for BOQ’s decisions to invest in different electricity
,"products and markets, including Large-Scale Generation Certificates and renewable electricity."
Members Equity Bank Limited,A for-profit entity that operated in the retail segment of the domestic market offering primarily
(ME Bank or ME),"home loan products and everyday transaction and online savings accounts. On 28 February 2022,"
,ME Bank surrendered its ADI licence and ME Bank’s assets and liabilities were transferred to BOQ.
Mortgage Net Promoter Score,An index that measures the willingness of customers to recommend a company’s products or
(NPS),services to others. It is used as a proxy for gauging the customer’s overall satisfaction with a
,company’s product or service and the customer’s loyalty to the brand.
Net cash outflow (NCO),Represents the total expected cash outflows minus total expected cash inflows under a prescribed
,stress scenario for the subsequent 30 calendar days.
Net Interest income (NII),The amount of interest income earned less interest expense incurred during the period.
Net interest margin (NIM),Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.
Net profit after tax (NPAT),"The total profit of a company after all expenses, including taxes, have been deducted from"
,total revenue.
Net Promoter Score (NPS),"A customer loyalty metric that measures how likely customers are to recommend a company,"
,"product, or service to others."
Net stable funding ratio,The amount of ASF relative to the amount of required stable funding. APRA requires ADIs to maintain
(NSFR),an NSFR of at least 100 per cent. The amount of such stable funding required of a specific institution
,is a function of the liquidity characteristics and residual maturities of the various assets held by that
,institution as well as those of its off-balance sheet exposures.
Non-Executive Director Fee,The Plan allows NEDs to sacrifice a portion of their Board fees to acquire Rights that convert to
Sacrifice Rights Plan,BOQ shares.
(NED Plan),
Non-interest earning assets,Assets that do not accrue interest income.

=== Table 10 (page 225) ===
Organisation for Economic Co-,An international organisation that provides guidelines and recommendations to promote fair and
operation and Development,efficient tax systems among its member countries.
(OECD),
Owner-managed branch,A BOQ branch operated by a franchisee. All OMBs converted to corporate branches on or before 1
(OMB),March 2025.
Paris Climate Agreement,"An international treaty on climate change signed in 2016, with the goals of maintaining the increase"
,in the global average temperature to below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to
,limit the increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
Probability of default (PD),An estimate of the likelihood of a default over a given time horizon.
Purchased or originated credit,Financial assets that are purchased or originated as being credit impaired.
impaired (POCI) assets,
Remedial Action Plans (RAPs),"Programs to strengthen BOQ’s operational resilience, risk culture and AML/CTF governance"
,and compliance.
REDS,Term to describe the BOQ REDS securitisation programmes.
Reserve Bank of Australia,Australia’s central bank that derives its functions and powers from the Reserve Bank Act 1959.
(RBA),
Residential mortgage-backed,BOQ’s securitisation program which enables the trustee to issue debt securities backed by assets
securities (RMBS),originated by the Group such as mortgages.
Return on average equity,"Net profit less other equity instruments’ distributions divided by average shareholder equity,"
(ROE),excluding other equity instruments.
Return on average tangible,After tax earnings applied to average shareholder equity less intangible assets.
equity (ROTE),
Right-of-use (ROU) asset,A lessee’s right to use an asset over the life of a lease.
Risk weighted assets (RWA),"A quantitative measure of various risks including credit, operational and market risk as"
,defined by APS.
Science based targets,"Is a collaborative effort between the Carbon Disclosure Project, the United National Global"
initiative (SBTi),Compact World Resources Institute and Worldwide Fund for Nature that helps companies and
,financial institutions set ambitious GHG emissions reduction targets aligned with climate science.
,"These targets aim to limit global warming to well below 2°C, and ideally 1.5°C above pre-industrial"
,levels.
Scope 1 greenhouse gas,Direct greenhouse gas emissions that occur from sources that are owned or controlled by BOQ.
emissions,
Scope 2 greenhouse gas,"Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity,"
emissions,"steam, heating or cooling consumed by BOQ. Purchased and acquired electricity is electricity that"
,is purchased or otherwise brought into BOQ’s boundary.
Scope 3 greenhouse gas,"Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity,"
emissions,"steam, heating or cooling consumed by BOQ."