=== Page 19 ===
17
BRG Group Annual Report 2025
Risk Nature of risk Key actions to mitigate risk
ESG risk and 
sustainability  The potential exists for reputational risk 
with employees, customers, investors, 
regulators and society, and subsequent 
financial impact, if the Company fails 
to act adequately on ESG issues and 
/ or fails to communicate its strategy 
and approach, including in response to 
relevant regulations. 
There is a risk to supply continuity from 
extreme climate events (see above).
Changing consumer trends, preferences 
or expectations regarding sustainable 
product design could adversely influence 
demand for the Group’s products if the 
Group fails to adapt to these.The Company’s approach to ESG issues and risks is detailed in 
the ESG report section of the Directors report on pages 19 to 35 
which cover the Group’s approach to climate emissions and ESG 
responsibilities more generally.  
The Group’s commitment to a sustainable business model is guided 
by the Board Sustainability Committee. 
Product 
development 
and 
innovation 
riskInsufficient or ineffective investment in 
product development and innovation, 
and inadequate communication of the 
innovative range to customers and 
consumers may result in loss of revenues 
and competitive advantage.Securing of proven, world class leadership for product 
development, technology services, marketing and solutions 
functions helps to mitigate this risk.
The Company has a strategic annual target of increasing its 
investment in product development, technology and solutions as 
well as marketing and communications. This forms part of the LTI 
(long term incentive) plan. 
The prioritisation of investment in these growth drivers is 
communicated as a core part of Group strategy in investor 
engagements and results presentations.
Cyber 
security riskBreaches of cyber security is a 
growing global risk as the volume and 
sophistication of threats has increased. 
Risks include:
• Unauthorised access to data / 
information leading to reputational 
damage and / or risk of litigation.
• Malicious attacks that result in outages 
and service and revenue disruption. 
• Ransom demands with direct financial 
consequence to the business.  
• Failure to comply with regulatory 
standards risks financial fines or 
restrictions to conduct business. 
• Business interruption and availability of 
systems following a breach.The technology services team has further developed the Group’s 
cyber security and privacy programs in FY25 within an overall 
security and privacy framework, including: 
• Continuous improvements to our core IT infrastructure and 
cloud platforms with modern security defences, proactive 
monitoring & alerting.
• Penetration testing and vulnerability assessments.
• Continuous cyber threat monitoring, alerting and incident 
management process.
• PCI Audits and external reviews of our key cloud operating 
environments.
• Continuous improvements & enhancements to our privacy and 
data mapping platforms. Including operations to support our 
ongoing global privacy compliance obligations across multiple 
geographies.
• Further alignment to the NIST CSF & Privacy Frameworks.
• Employee mandatory multi-factor authentication and annual 
cyber security and phishing training.
• Establishment of guidelines to support safe Generative AI usage 
across the organisation.Operating and financial review continued
Material business risks continued

=== Page 21 ===
19
BRG Group Annual Report 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
Report
Our commitment to ESG
BRG Group is committed to ethical, responsible, and 
sustainable conduct across and throughout its business, 
reinforced through our culture, values, process, structure, and 
policies. BRG Group’s ESG priorities and strategy are a central 
part of our overall business strategy and are a fundamental part 
of the way we work. 
BRG Group’s ESG strategy – ”to	create	innovative,	attractive	
and	energy	efficient	kitchen	appliances,	designed	and	
sourced	in	a	socially	and	environmentally	responsible	manner	
that	delights	our	consumers,	meets	the	expectations	of	
our	stakeholders	and	delivers	sustainable	value	creation”  is 
embedded in our business operations and risk management 
process. 
As a consumer-facing company that operates in the heart 
of our consumers’ homes, the	kitchen , our reputation, and 
ability to meet ethical and behavioural expectations, is core 
to our sustained sales, business health and value creation. 
BRG Group’s ESG strategy and priorities are shaped by an 
ongoing engagement and dialogue with consumers and other 
stakeholders, allied with scientific analysis and measurement 
to ensure that we prioritise initiatives that empirically have the 
biggest impact on reducing carbon emissions. 
Table: FY25 ESG priority areas comprising Environment, 
Social and Governance domains
Environmental
1. Sustainability - ASRS Climate update
1.1 Governance
1.2 Strategy
1.3 Risk Management
1.4 Metrics & Targets
Social
2. Ethical Sourcing
2.1 Human rights & modern slavery
3. Product quality & safety incl. product recall
4. Community relations
4.1 Community engagement
4.2 Reconcilliation action plan
5. Employee wellbeing
5.1 Diversity and inclusion
5.2 Health, safety & wellbeing
Governance
6. Corporate Governance
6.1 Board independence & diversity
7. Corporate behaviour
7.1 Anti-bribery & corruption & whistle blowing
7.2 Cyber security & data privacy 
7.3 Policy availabilityEnvironmental
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update
About this report
During FY25, BRG Group developed a roadmap and 
progressed towards timely compliance with both ASRS1 and 
ASRS2 by adopting several of the upcoming requirements 
in this year’s report. This built on the ASRS (Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards) gap assessment on our 
climate reporting completed in FY24, supported by Deloitte. 
Introduction
BRG Group’s climate-related transition and adaption plans are 
underpinned by competitive business model characteristics, 
namely: an asset-light advantage; an innovation advantage; 
materials management; and supply chain resilience. 
Supported by robust climate-related governance, strategy, 
risk management, and metrics and targets, BRG Group has 
positioned itself to act on impactful initiatives alongside its 
mission to create products its customers love.  
Climate transition strategy
BRG Group's transition strategy reflects a commitment to 
mitigating an emission-sensitive backdrop and heightened 
risk of technological disruption by leveraging its asset-light 
business model (hereafter business	model ) and innovation 
advantage. Three roadmaps are presented in response to those 
risks, comprising: net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) emissions; 
espresso-centric in-use energy (Scope 3) reduction; and 
organic waste (Scope 1 and Scope 2) reduction and diversion 
from landfill.
Climate adaption strategies
BRG Group's adaption strategy reflects a commitment to 
mitigate the risk of material restrictions and supply disruption by 
growing materials management capability and a region-sensitive 
supply network. Three roadmaps are presented in response to 
those risks, including: packaging waste (Scope 3) reduction; 
auditable Scope 3 footprint empowering R&D; and diversifying 
(Scope 3) finished goods manufacturing locations.
Index: 1. Sustainability - ASRS Climate update Page
1.1 Governance 20
Board oversight
Management responsibility
1.2 Strategy 20
Climate-related scenario analysis
Climate-related risks & opportunities
Assessment of climate resilience
Strategy & decision-making
Breville's Climate Transition Plan
Breville's Climate Adaption Plan
1.3 Risk Management 28
Processes and policies
Identifying climate-related risks and 
opportunities
1.4 Metrics & Targets 28
Climate-related metrics
Climate-related targetsOperating and financial review continued

=== Page 23 ===
21
BRG Group Annual Report 2025
Table: climate scenario analysis comprising low and high global warming scenarios per Climate Change Act s296D(2B)
Low global warming scenario
<1.5°C above pre-industrial levelsHigh global warming scenario
>2.5°C above pre-industrial levels
Defined as an increase of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. 
Arising from the implementation of stringent climate policies 
and innovation, reaching global net zero emissions around 
2050 with the US, EU and Japan also reaching net zero for 
all greenhouse gases. Physical risks are relatively low, but 
transition risks are conversely high.
• Policy ambition: <1.5°C 
• Policy Reaction: Immediate and smooth 
• Technology change: Fast change 
• Carbon Dioxide Removal (CDR) technologies: Medium-
high use  
• Regional policy variation: Medium variation 
In practice, world steadily moving towards sustainable 
trajectory, emphasising greater commitment to fulfilling UN 
SDGs, comprising:
• Rapid and significant reduction in emissions.
• State-led transformation.
• Swift transition of the energy system to zero emissions 
through increased use of renewable sources.
• Carbon taxes increase to $250 per tonne. 
• Uptick in carbon sequestration, fueled by the high carbon 
prices. 
• Closure of high-carbon industries. 
• Decreased overall consumption of non-essential items, 
incl. luxury products. 
• Most severe physical effects of climate change are 
mitigated, considerable alterations to ecosystems still 
occur. Defined as an increase of >2.5°C above pre-industrial levels. 
Arising from moderate and heterogeneous NDCs (Nationally 
Determined Contributions) pursued from 2021 across 21st 
century. Result in emissions decline, but nonetheless >2.5°C 
of warming, and associated moderate to severe physical 
risks. Transition risks, in contrast, are relatively low.
• Policy ambition: >2.5°C 
• Policy reaction: NDCs 
• Technology change: Slow change 
• CDR technologies: Low-medium use 
• Regional policy variation: Medium variation
In practice, world on trajectory where trends remain largely 
consistent with historical patterns, resulting in uneven 
development and income growth, comprising:
• Significant emissions reductions, peaking around 2030.
• Business-led initiatives, supported by state.
• A market-focused transition, backed by favorable 
policies.
• High levels of global trade, although resource 
consumption independent of economic growth.
• Emphasis on circular economy.
• Rapid advancements (technology), with collaborative 
research and development.
• Decentralised energy framework primarily relying on 
renewable sources.
• Carbon price set at $100 per tonne.
• Uptick in the frequency and severity of extreme weather 
events, along with shifts in agricultural regions. 
In its climate-related scenario analysis, BRG Group has integrated both transition and physical climates risks with its overall 
risk management matrix, thereby managing the materiality and possible impact of climate risks as an integral part of its overall 
risk management. BRG Group has, as an example, a relatively geographically concentrated supply chain, which, coupled with 
increasingly unpredictable, impactful, and frequent climate events, could manifest in a range of transition and physical risks 
demanding mitigation and contingency. The diversification of this supply chain is driven by the alignment of both sustainability and 
commercial risk factors. Likewise, changing consumer, employee, and authority expectations will increasingly guide the type of 
products BRG Group develops, how they are packaged, how energy efficient they are, and how BRG Group communicates this to 
consumers. This again is driven by the natural alignment of sustainability and commercial drivers
The materiality report completed by the CMA taskforce containing the climate-scenario analysis is substantive. Therefore, a 
consolidated representation reflecting key risks and opportunities from that body of work is provided.  
BRG Group has selected timeframes of 0-2 years (Short-term), 2-5 years (Mid-term), and 5+ years (Long-term) that reflect the array 
of product, platform and solution cycles from development through removal from the market.  
Table: time horizon timeframes comprising short-term, mid-term and long-term horizons
Time Horizon Number of years from current financial period
Short-term 0-2 years
Mid-term 2-5 years
Long-term 5+ yearsOperating and financial review continued   
ESG Report continued
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued