=== Table 1 (page 21) ===
Operating and financial review continued,Environmental
"Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)",1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update
Report,
,About this report
,"During FY25, BRG Group developed a roadmap and"
Our commitment to ESG,
,progressed towards timely compliance with both ASRS1 and
"BRG Group is committed to ethical, responsible, and",ASRS2 by adopting several of the upcoming requirements
"sustainable conduct across and throughout its business,",in this year’s report. This built on the ASRS (Australian
"reinforced through our culture, values, process, structure, and",Sustainability Reporting Standards) gap assessment on our
policies. BRG Group’s ESG priorities and strategy are a central,"climate reporting completed in FY24, supported by Deloitte."
part of our overall business strategy and are a fundamental part,
,Introduction
of the way we work.,
"BRG Group’s ESG strategy – ”to	create	innovative,	attractive",BRG Group’s climate-related transition and adaption plans are
"and	energy	efficient	kitchen	appliances,	designed	and","underpinned by competitive business model characteristics,"
sourced	in	a	socially	and	environmentally	responsible	manner,namely: an asset-light advantage; an innovation advantage;
"that	delights	our	consumers,	meets	the	expectations	of",materials management; and supply chain resilience.
our	stakeholders	and	delivers	sustainable	value	creation” is,"Supported by robust climate-related governance, strategy,"
embedded in our business operations and risk management,"risk management, and metrics and targets, BRG Group has"
process.,positioned itself to act on impactful initiatives alongside its
,mission to create products its customers love.
As a consumer-facing company that operates in the heart,
"of our consumers’ homes, the	kitchen, our reputation, and",Climate transition strategy
"ability to meet ethical and behavioural expectations, is core",
,BRG Group's transition strategy reflects a commitment to
"to our sustained sales, business health and value creation.",
,mitigating an emission-sensitive backdrop and heightened
BRG Group’s ESG strategy and priorities are shaped by an,
,risk of technological disruption by leveraging its asset-light
ongoing engagement and dialogue with consumers and other,
,business model (hereafter business	model) and innovation
"stakeholders, allied with scientific analysis and measurement",
,advantage. Three roadmaps are presented in response to those
to ensure that we prioritise initiatives that empirically have the,
,"risks, comprising: net zero (Scope 1 and Scope 2) emissions;"
biggest impact on reducing carbon emissions.,
,espresso-centric in-use energy (Scope 3) reduction; and
"Table: FY25 ESG priority areas comprising Environment,",organic waste (Scope 1 and Scope 2) reduction and diversion
Social and Governance domains,from landfill.
,Climate adaption strategies
Environmental,
,BRG Group's adaption strategy reflects a commitment to
1. Sustainability - ASRS Climate update,mitigate the risk of material restrictions and supply disruption by
1.1 Governance,growing materials management capability and a region-sensitive
,supply network. Three roadmaps are presented in response to
1.2 Strategy,
,"those risks, including: packaging waste (Scope 3) reduction;"
1.3 Risk Management,auditable Scope 3 footprint empowering R&D; and diversifying
,(Scope 3) finished goods manufacturing locations.
1.4 Metrics & Targets,
Social,
,"Index: 1. Sustainability - ASRS Climate update
Page"
2. Ethical Sourcing,"1.1 Governance
20"
2.1 Human rights & modern slavery,Board oversight
,Management responsibility
3. Product quality & safety incl. product recall,
,"1.2 Strategy
20"
4. Community relations,
,Climate-related scenario analysis
4.1 Community engagement,
,Climate-related risks & opportunities
4.2 Reconcilliation action plan,
,Assessment of climate resilience
5. Employee wellbeing,
,Strategy & decision-making
5.1 Diversity and inclusion,
,Breville's Climate Transition Plan
"5.2 Health, safety & wellbeing",Breville's Climate Adaption Plan
Governance,"1.3 Risk Management
28"
,Processes and policies
6. Corporate Governance,
,Identifying climate-related risks and
6.1 Board independence & diversity,
,opportunities
7. Corporate behaviour,
,"1.4 Metrics & Targets
28"
7.1 Anti-bribery & corruption & whistle blowing,
,Climate-related metrics
7.2 Cyber security & data privacy,
,Climate-related targets
7.3 Policy availability,

=== Table 2 (page 26) ===
Directors’ report continued,
,Graph: YoY BRG Group Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions
Operating and financial review continued,
,captured in MT CO2eq. Lelit manufacturing facilities
ESG Report continued,
,added into scope in FY23. Baseline year is FY20.
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,
,BRG Group Total Scope 1 and 2 Emissions
BRG Group’s Climate Transition Plan Targets,
,2000
,1560
,1435
BRG Group’s business model is inherently low-carbon intensive,1500
,"1121
1116"
"across Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, and supported by its",912
,1000
"innovation advantage, provides strategic flexibility to reduce",
Scope 3 in-use consumer energy consumption. The following,"500
Gross Emissions"
transition-related targets have been adopted.,"MT CO2eq.
Offsets
0"
,"Baseline
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25"
1.  Emission reduction roadmap (EmRR s1-2) – net zero Scope,-500
1 and Scope 2 emissions in FY25.,-288 MT
,"CO2eq. net
-1000"
2.  Energy reduction roadmap (EnRR s3) – 75% of espresso,
,"-1200
-1500"
machines launched since 2020 and sold in 2028 to utilise,
ThermoJet® technology.,
,BRG Group has achieved its net zero emissions target in FY25
3.  Waste reduction roadmap (WRR s1-2) – 100% of organic,by reducing gross emissions and limited use of carbon credits.
waste produced at BRG Group headquarters be diverted,"Regarding its offset program, BRG Group has partnered with"
from landfill.,Clima to curate a robust portfolio of projects in Australia and
,overseas which it believes will resonate with BRG Group
Transition plan pillars expanded,
,investors and customers. Its selection reflects the Australian
,"environment where the Company was founded, and cooking,"
1. Emission reduction roadmap (EmRR – Scope 1-2),
,one of the key pillars of this business. A portfolio mix of
"Against an emission-sensitive backdrop, BRG Group’s EmRR",avoidance and removal projects with reputable certification was
comprises a commitment to comprehensively measure and,"achieved, comprising:"
reduce its carbon footprint across Scope 1 and Scope 2.,
,"• 
McLachlan Carbon Project: This project is a 73.6-hectare"
"In line with ASRS, BRG Group aligns all its metrics with the",
,mixed farming operation with a land management strategy
Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP) and measures all carbon,
,that incorporates multi-species pastures and planned
emissions against 100-year time horizon global warming,
,grazing management. Positive impacts of the project
potentials (GWP) relative to CO2.,
,include soil improvement through the implementation of
BRG Group has implemented IsoMetrix to comprehensively,"multi-species pastures, an 85% reduction in fertiliser usage"
record and model emissions. The platform elevates BRG,"with no herbicide applied, and an increase in plant diversity"
"Group’s capability to view data in aggregate to granular, across",that contributes to higher soil organic carbon levels.
"the complete array of metrics, with an auditable record trail. To",
,"• 
APN Cape York: The project aims at an aggressive"
date BRG Group has:,
,"reduction in late season fires through zone managed, pre-"
"• 
Moved to renewable electricity and solar in key locations.","emptive burning with consideration taken for roads, fences,"

=== Table 3 (page 26) ===
Contractual instruments – Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (i.e. carbon abatement/credits),,,,,
,,,FY25,,FY24
Type,Verified by,,,,
,,tCO2-e,%,tCO2-e,%
Indigenous Savanna Burning,ACCU,120,10%,-,-
Nature Based,ACCU,120,10%,-,-
Technology,Gold Standard,960,80%,-,-
,,1200,100%,,

=== Table 4 (page 27) ===
,
Operating and financial review continued,"• 
Based on units sold in FY20-25 the adoption of the"
,ThermoJet® technology is estimated to have saved
ESG Report continued,
,"approximately 1,424 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of lifetime"
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,electricity used against an equivalent range of thermocoil
,"machines, and 5,764 million kilowatt hours (kWh) against"
2. Energy reduction roadmap (EnRR – Scope 3),
,a range of dual boiler machines. Both estimates based on
,assumed annual consumer usage and a 7- year lifecycle.
"Facing the threat of technological disruption, BRG Group’s",
EnRR leans into its innovation advantage. BRG Group,"• 
Assuming 0.386 kgs of CO2 was generated per kWh"
completed exhaustive lifecycle analysis and identified,(sourced from US Energy Information Administration) BRG
consumer’s energy usage as the single largest contribution,Group’s transition to ThermoJet® heaters over FY20-25 is
to Scope 3 emissions. In response it jointly pioneered the,"estimated to have saved between 550,220 and 2,227,005"
ThermoJet® water heating platform comprising a printed thick,metric tonnes of CO2 over the lifetime of the machines sold.
film element that efficiently delivers precise temperature control,
,"This progress reflects a significant, and innovative, contribution"
using significantly less energy than traditional methods.,
,"to our energy reduction targets. Looking forward, BRG remains"
Traditional espresso machines are one of the highest energy,committed to have at least 75% of our new Breville|Sage
consuming products in the small kitchen appliances world,"coffee machines sold in FY28, and launched since 2020, using"
due to the need to heat up and keep a body of water at,ThermoJet® or equivalent technology.
"temperature, traditionally done using metal boilers. The",
,3. Waste reduction roadmap (WRR – Scope 1-2)
"alternative to boilers, thermocoils, still require the heating",
"of blocks of aluminium to transfer energy, a process that",
,"As part of our evolving sustainability strategy, BRG Group has"
consumes significant amounts of energy.,
,updated its Waste Reduction and Resource Recovery (WRR)
Breville|Sage espresso machines fitted with a ThermoJet®,S1-2 target to focus on diverting 100% of organic waste
heater:,generated at our Sydney headquarters from landfill. This shift
,"aligns with forthcoming NSW organic waste legislation, set to"
"• 
Use approximately 2.5 times less total energy during normal",
,"impact BRG Group from 2028, and ensures we remain ahead"
"use than a Breville|Sage thermocoil machine, 6.6 times less",
,of regulatory requirements. This refined target replaces our
"energy than a Breville|Sage dual boiler machine, and 21.8",
,previously announced goal of diverting 65% of all waste from
times less energy than a traditional boiler machine.,
,landfill and reflects a more strategic and operationally aligned
"• 
Save between 49 to 230 (kWh) per Thermojet® machine vs.",approach to waste management—focusing our efforts where
a thermocoil or dual boiler machine respectively.,we can deliver the greatest environmental impact. To achieve
,"this target, BRG Group has placed organic waste bins in"
Graph: Boiler comparison of consumer use captured in,
,all kitchens in the Sydney headquarters and have begun to
"kg CO2eq for ThermoJet®, Thermocoil and Dual Boiler",construct an organic waste education session which will help
technology platforms,employees to understand the importance of separating organic
Average Carbon Emissions (kg CO2 equiv.) Arising from the Consumer Use,waste and education around which bins should be used for
Phase of LCA for Each Boiler Type Used in BRG Group Espresso Machines,different types of waste.
400,
369.88,
,"At our Sydney headquarters and global R&D centre, all"
350,
,recyclable waste streams are actively diverted from landfill.
300,
,"This includes co-mingled recycling, organic waste, paper and"
,
250,"cardboard, e-waste, and expanded polystyrene (EPS), all"
"Consumer Use Phase Emissions (kgCO2 equiv.)
200",of which are managed through responsible and sustainable
"135.32
150",disposal practices. Soft plastics remain a challenging waste
,"stream, and we are continuing to explore partnerships with"
100,
55.72,specialised recyclers to identify viable long-term solutions.
50,
,In FY26 we will be expanding this initiative to our next largest
0,
,
"Thermocoil
Dual Boiler
Thermojet","site, the Torrance office and warehouse in the Americas."
*Modelled using internal LCA data,Table: Transition Plan Progress
We believe that this is one of the most significant climate-,
friendly innovations in small kitchen appliances in the last,
,Progress
decade and it forms a key part of our path to reduce our in-use,Plan
energy consumption. The technology scores an A rating in,"Quantitative
Qualitative"
Swiss Energy Ratings for energy savings compared to a B or C,
,"Net-Zero scope 1 & 2 
100%
This includes electricity"
rating for thermocoils and a D rating for boilers.,
,"emissions in FY25
from renewable sources"
Breville|Sage has embraced this informative energy reduction,"(43%), along with the"
technology:,use of carbon offsets
,(1200t CO2 eq.).
"• 
Doubling the number of machines sold using a ThermoJet®",
"from FY20 to FY25 reaching over 794,188 in FY25.","75% of espresso 
70% 
In FY25 70% was"
,"machines sold in 
(EoFY25)
achieved, and 100%"
"• 
Increasing the percentage of Breville|Sage coffee machines",
,"2028 (launched 
of espresso machines"
using ThermoJet® from 41.5% in FY20 to 55.5% in FY25.,
,"since 2020) utilise 
launched in FY25"
"• 
Reducing the proportion of coffee machines using Boilers to",
,"ThermoJet® tech.
utilised a ThermoJet®."
"2.5% in FY25, down from 5.9% in FY20.",
,"100% of organic 
100%
In FY25 100% of"
"• 
Ensuring all new Breville|Sage coffee machines launched in",
,"waste produced at 
organic waste produced"
FY25 and 71% of new models currently under development,
,"BRG Group HQ to be 
at BRG Group HQ was"
use a ThermoJet®.,
,"diverted from landfill 
diverted from landfill."
,BRG Group Annual Report 2025

=== Table 5 (page 28) ===
Directors’ report continued
""
"controlled, by BRG Group, such as the impact of third-party 
Operating and financial review continued"
"manufacturing including power, materials and parts used, third"
ESG Report continued
"party logistics, the usage of our products in consumers’ homes"
"and finally their disposal. To date BRG Group has measured 
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued"
the critical 5 Scope 3 categories for BRG Group of the 15 set
"BRG Group’s Climate Adaption Plan Targets
out in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol through the completion"
of life cycle assessments. In FY24 we estimated that these 5
BRG Group is committed to minimising the impact of climate-
categories would be responsible for over 90% our Scope 3
"related risks through improvements in materials management,"
emissions. In FY25 we have completed the full assessment and
"robust emissions reporting, and improving resilience by"
measurement of the remaining minor categories and include
diversifying finished goods locations from China. The following
"these in our Scope 3 emissions estimate, which found that"
adaption-related targets have been adopted.
products contribute 99% of BRG Group scope 3 emissions.
1.  Waste reduction roadmap (WRR s3) – 100% of ANZ
These results will be utilised in the decision-making process for
"packaging to be reusable, recyclable or compostable by"
initiatives around emission reduction.
Eo2025.
"Through the completion of LCAs for key products, we have"
2.  Emission reduction roadmap (EmRR s3) – Auditable Scope
identified that the largest contributor to BRG Group product
3 measurement methodology supporting ASRS compliance
"emissions is the in-use electricity, making up 82% of total"
and fact-based prioritisation of reduction initiatives.
product emissions. This is highest in ovens and lower in juicers.
"The manufacturing phase, led by material usage, is the second 
3.  Supply chain diversification roadmap (SCDR s1-3) –"
"largest contributor. Packaging, transport and end of life disposal 
Materially increase the climate-resilience and region"
"have a more minor impact. These findings inform both BRG 
sensitivity of the supply of finished goods by EoFY26."
Group’s current focus on energy efficiency (i.e. ThermoJet®
"Adaption plan pillars expanded
initiative) as well as medium term product development"
strategies focused on alternative production material and
1. Waste reduction roadmap (WRR - Scope 3)
reduced usage.
"Packaging materials constitute only an estimated 0.7% of BRG 
BRG Group’s LCAs also highlight an emissions reduction"
"Group emissions impact but are important to our customers 
opportunity from reducing key material usage, notably plastics"
"and employees, and this is an area where we are making rapid 
and metals, in our products’ manufacturing phase."
and significant progress.
"In both FY25 and FY24, the Espresso category—including"
"BRG Group is a decade-long member of the Australian 
both products with complete and partial life cycle assessments"
"Packaging Covenant Organisation (APCO) and has entered into 
(LCA)—accounted for the largest share of emissions. This"
"a voluntary agreement to reduce the impact of packaging on 
category increased slightly in its proportional contribution in"
"the environment. In FY25 our comprehensive packaging audit 
FY25, rising from approximately 30% to over 32% of total"
"was extended to include all new SKUs to support the rapid 
emissions. The change reflects both increased sales volumes"
"roll out of key developments in recyclable packaging across all 
and a broader scope of LCA coverage. Other significant"
"existing as well as new products. 
contributors to overall emissions included grinders, which"
"maintained a relatively stable share year-on-year, and ovens,"
BRG Group’s key sustainable packaging commitments are:
whose combined emissions (complete and partial LCA)
"• 
All new packaging to be reusable, recyclable or"
"remained consistent, with a slight shift toward products with"
compostable by end 2025 (aligned to APCO target);
more complete impact data. Categories such as Drip Coffee
"Machines, Kettles, Sandwich Press & Grill, Slow Cookers, 
• 
Removal of expanded polystyrene (EPS) from consumer"
"Toasters, and Microwaves represented smaller proportions 
packaging by July 2025; and"
"of emissions individually, but collectively remain material in"
"• 
Removal of non-essential packaging (ongoing target), for"
shaping the overall footprint. The “Others” category consistently
example the combination of shipper and inner display box.
"contributed just under 20%, representing a diverse set of lower-"
"In 2023 BRG Group launched the company-wide sustainable 
volume products not disaggregated here but still relevant to our"
"Brown Box initiative to achieve best-in-class sustainable 
emissions profile. These insights will inform future emissions"
"packaging including use of a recyclable outer box, the complete 
reduction efforts, with a particular focus on the Espresso, Oven,"
"removal of EPS and minimal use of soft plastics. In FY25 BRG 
and Grinder categories where the greatest opportunities for"
"Group has launched the sustainable Brown Box in the ANZ 
impact have been identified."
region. All Breville products sold in these markets are packaged
Graph: YoY BRG Group Scope 3 product related emission
"EPS-free, and all new Breville|Sage products are packaged in"
"the new sustainable Brown Box 
distribution per product category, captured in MT CO2eq."
"cartons. A minority of legacy 
Emission Distribution Per Product Category (MT CO2 eq.)"

=== Table 6 (page 29) ===
,locations will increase the Group’s resilience to both geopolitical
working to optimise the strength and weight of materials used,
,and climate-related shocks as well as in the case of Mexico
in our key machines to reduce material consumption whilst,
,reducing emissions associated with long-distance freight.
"maintaining desired quality, using Finite Element Analysis (FEA),",
"Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), Design for Manufacturing",Key manufacturing locations will include:
"studies (DFM), as well as Failure Mode and Effect Analysis tools",
,"• 
Europe: Manufacturing capabilities in Italy through the"
(FMEA).,
,"Italian-based Lelit operations, and strategic collaboration"
"To complement this approach, the BRG Group R&D team has",with Nespresso in Europe.
completed the discovery phase of its Forever Project with the,
,"• 
Mexico: Development of a broad-based production"
objective of identifying the most impactful design changes,
,capability to support the North American market for Breville-
BRG Group could undertake to materially reduce the per unit,
,branded products.
carbon impact (Scope 3 emissions) of the products it designs,
and engineers. This phase of the project was undertaken by,"• 
Southeast Asia: Diversified manufacturing footprint across"
the strategic business unit of Design and Innovation known as,"Indonesia, Cambodia, Vietnam, initially focused on 120V"
"‘deep dive’, which is responsible for many of the innovations in","Americas production, but potentially providing backup for"
our award-winning products.,240V China facilities.
The primary consideration of the Forever Project was to,"• 
China: Retained as key manufacturing base for APAC and"
examine how circular economy principles could deliver,EMEA with some ability to provide back up for America’s
sustainable outcomes for the environment whilst delivering,volume
elevated customer experiences and ongoing strong commercial,
,The diversified footprint will not initially include built-in spare

=== Table 7 (page 29) ===
extending the lifecycle of our products. Breville|Sage already,,
,Table: Adaption Plan Progress,
"sells key spare parts, filters, and cleaners for our most popular",,
appliances to help extend their lifecycle. Baratza grinders are,,
explicitly designed to be user repairable and repairability is a key,,Progress
part of the Lelit brand identity and driver of consumer choice.,Plan,
,,"Quantitative
Qualitative"
"In core Breville|Sage ranges a ‘serviceability index,’ has been",,
"introduced, to track and encourage repairability as a design",100% of ANZ,"100%
ANZ EPS-free during"
criterion in new products.,packaging to be,FY25. Majority of legacy
,"reusable, recyclable",products moved to
The impact of Scope 3 emissions far outweighs that of BRG,,
,or compostable by,Brown Box. All new
"Group Scope 1 and 2 emissions, so whilst we will work towards",,
,EoFY25,products launched with
net zero carbon emissions for Scope 1 and 2 with less reliance,,
,,Brown Box. Roll out
"on carbon offsets, the largest priority for BRG Group remains",,
,,globally by EoFY30.
Scope 3 targeted reductions.,,
,Robust auditable,"90%
20% of products sold"
3. Supply chain diversification roadmap (SCDR Scope 3),,
,Scope 3,in FY25 have been
BRG Group tactically holds significant finished goods,measurement,assessed using a Life
inventories in its various end consumer markets to mitigate any,methodology in,Cycle Analysis. Scope
"short-term disruption to its supply chain, be it climate or other",place allowing,3 product emissions
factor related.,ASRS compliance,estimated and reported
,and fact-based,"as 3,045,679 MT CO2"
BRG Group sources most of its products from long-term,,
,prioritisation of,eq. including biogenic
"manufacturing partners, although its Lelit brand is made in-",,
,reduction initiatives.,carbon for FY25. Total
"house in Brescia, Italy. Before FY25 BRG Group’s manufacturing",,
,,scope 3 emissions
"partners were concentrated in southern China, which although",,
,,estimated and reported
"it benefited BRG Group, and partners through manufacturing",,
,,"as 3,273,664 MT CO2"
"scale, represented a risk in terms of location concentration to",,
,,eq. including biogenic
both climate and geo-political factors. In response to rising,,
,,carbon for FY25.
"geopolitical uncertainties, as well as climate vulnerability,",,
"BRG Group during FY25 actively, and rapidly, accelerated the",,
,Increase the,"20%
Support region-sensitive"
diversification of its manufacturing footprint outside of southern,,
,climate-resilience,supply of finished goods.
"China. In partnership with its long-term manufacturing partners,",,
,and region,"Investment in Mexico,"
"120V product, or product made for the Americas market, is",,
,sensitivity of the,Indonesia and Cambodia
"being moved to locations in Mexico, Indonesia, Vietnam and",,
,supply of finished,"is well underway, and"
Cambodia. This relocation will continue through FY26 with an,,
,goods,to a lesser extent but
"initial target to move 90% of Americas production value, or",,
,,"developing quickly,"
"~40-45% of total BRG Group production value, to these new",,
,,"Vietnam, for 120V"
"locations. The Mexico project has been running for some time,",,
,,goods.
"but alongside the new locations, it was significantly accelerated",,

=== Table 8 (page 29) ===
Operating and financial review continued,
,"in FY25. The majority of 240V production, or approximately half"
ESG Report continued,
,of BRG Group production value will remain in Southern China at
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,this time.
,The diversification of BRG Group's manufacturing / sourcing
The BRG Group design and engineering teams are continually,
,locations will increase the Group’s resilience to both geopolitical
working to optimise the strength and weight of materials used,
,and climate-related shocks as well as in the case of Mexico
in our key machines to reduce material consumption whilst,
,reducing emissions associated with long-distance freight.
"maintaining desired quality, using Finite Element Analysis (FEA),",
"Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), Design for Manufacturing",Key manufacturing locations will include:
"studies (DFM), as well as Failure Mode and Effect Analysis tools",
,"• 
Europe: Manufacturing capabilities in Italy through the"
(FMEA).,
,"Italian-based Lelit operations, and strategic collaboration"
"To complement this approach, the BRG Group R&D team has",with Nespresso in Europe.
completed the discovery phase of its Forever Project with the,
,"• 
Mexico: Development of a broad-based production"
objective of identifying the most impactful design changes,
,capability to support the North American market for Breville-
BRG Group could undertake to materially reduce the per unit,
,branded products.
carbon impact (Scope 3 emissions) of the products it designs,
and engineers. This phase of the project was undertaken by,"• 
Southeast Asia: Diversified manufacturing footprint across"
the strategic business unit of Design and Innovation known as,"Indonesia, Cambodia, Vietnam, initially focused on 120V"
"‘deep dive’, which is responsible for many of the innovations in","Americas production, but potentially providing backup for"
our award-winning products.,240V China facilities.
The primary consideration of the Forever Project was to,"• 
China: Retained as key manufacturing base for APAC and"
examine how circular economy principles could deliver,EMEA with some ability to provide back up for America’s
sustainable outcomes for the environment whilst delivering,volume
elevated customer experiences and ongoing strong commercial,
,The diversified footprint will not initially include built-in spare
growth. The Forever Project resulted in several promising,
,"capacity, but it adds optionality if any location is impacted by"
"avenues that were reviewed for priority, investment and action.",
,a climate or geopolitical event. A diversified manufacturing
An initial project has been placed into the next phase of the,
,footprint diversifies both climate and geopolitical based risks
"innovation funnel, the exploration phase.",
,and makes commercial sense now BRG Group has grown in
Material usage emissions impact can also be reduced by,scale over the last few years.
extending the lifecycle of our products. Breville|Sage already,
,Table: Adaption Plan Progress
"sells key spare parts, filters, and cleaners for our most popular",
appliances to help extend their lifecycle. Baratza grinders are,
explicitly designed to be user repairable and repairability is a key,Progress
part of the Lelit brand identity and driver of consumer choice.,Plan
,"Quantitative
Qualitative"
"In core Breville|Sage ranges a ‘serviceability index,’ has been",
"introduced, to track and encourage repairability as a design","100% of ANZ 
100%
ANZ EPS-free during"
criterion in new products.,"packaging to be 
FY25. Majority of legacy"
,"reusable, recyclable 
products moved to"
The impact of Scope 3 emissions far outweighs that of BRG,
,"or compostable by 
Brown Box. All new"
"Group Scope 1 and 2 emissions, so whilst we will work towards",
,"EoFY25
products launched with"
net zero carbon emissions for Scope 1 and 2 with less reliance,
,Brown Box. Roll out
"on carbon offsets, the largest priority for BRG Group remains",
,globally by EoFY30.
Scope 3 targeted reductions.,
,"Robust auditable 
90%
20% of products sold"
3. Supply chain diversification roadmap (SCDR Scope 3),
,"Scope 3 
in FY25 have been"
BRG Group tactically holds significant finished goods,"measurement 
assessed using a Life"
inventories in its various end consumer markets to mitigate any,"methodology in 
Cycle Analysis. Scope"
"short-term disruption to its supply chain, be it climate or other","place allowing 
3 product emissions"
factor related.,"ASRS compliance 
estimated and reported"
,"and fact-based 
as 3,045,679 MT CO2"
BRG Group sources most of its products from long-term,
,"prioritisation of 
eq. including biogenic"
"manufacturing partners, although its Lelit brand is made in-",
,"reduction initiatives.
carbon for FY25. Total"
"house in Brescia, Italy. Before FY25 BRG Group’s manufacturing",
,scope 3 emissions
"partners were concentrated in southern China, which although",
,estimated and reported
"it benefited BRG Group, and partners through manufacturing",
,"as 3,273,664 MT CO2"
"scale, represented a risk in terms of location concentration to",
,eq. including biogenic
both climate and geo-political factors. In response to rising,
,carbon for FY25.
"geopolitical uncertainties, as well as climate vulnerability,",
"BRG Group during FY25 actively, and rapidly, accelerated the",
,"Increase the 
20%
Support region-sensitive"
diversification of its manufacturing footprint outside of southern,
,"climate-resilience 
supply of finished goods."
"China. In partnership with its long-term manufacturing partners,",
,"and region 
Investment in Mexico,"
"120V product, or product made for the Americas market, is",
,"sensitivity of the 
Indonesia and Cambodia"
"being moved to locations in Mexico, Indonesia, Vietnam and",
,"supply of finished 
is well underway, and"
Cambodia. This relocation will continue through FY26 with an,
,"goods
to a lesser extent but"
"initial target to move 90% of Americas production value, or",
,"developing quickly,"
"~40-45% of total BRG Group production value, to these new",
,"Vietnam, for 120V"
"locations. The Mexico project has been running for some time,",
,goods.
"but alongside the new locations, it was significantly accelerated",

=== Table 9 (page 30) ===
opportunity identification exercise in view of incoming ASRS1,,
,,estimate is determined based on the dollar amount spent for
and ASRS2 obligations and the outlined low and high global,,
,the service.,
warming scenarios (as detailed in Strategy 1.2). Our approach,,
has evolved year on year but is not a new undertaking. BRG,,
,,Scope 3 GHG Emission Inputs
first completed and reported climate risks & opportunities,,
"identification in FY21, and then climate resilience assessment",•,For Scope 3 collation BRG Group uses both direct physical
"and climate-scenario analysis in FY24, both in line with",,data and spend.
frameworks provided by the Task Force for Climate-related,,
,•,Products: BRG Group use detailed BOMs to complete
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This year builds on the TCFD,,
,,an LCA for all products. Product emissions are calculated
approach as we prepare for ASRS compliance.,,
,,using a cradle to grave model. For those products which do
,,"not have a completed LCA, an estimate for the categories"
1.4 Metrics and targets,,
,,of products that BRG Group sell has been used.
The disclosures in this section demonstrate BRG Group’s,,
,•,Goods	and	Services: Emissions arising from goods and
performance in relation to its climate-related risks and,,
,,services relating to products are factored into the product
"opportunities, including progress towards all current climate-",,
,,emissions. All other goods and services are calculated using
related targets.,,
,,total spend.
Climate-related metrics,•,Capital	Goods: Emissions arising from the purchase of
,,capital goods are calculated using total spend.
"The climate-related metrics, emission factors and scenario",,
analysis presented in this Annual Report have been prepared,•,Upstream	Transportation	and	Distribution: Emissions
in good faith for the purposes of complying with the,,determined through LCA.
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards ASRS	1	General,,
,,•  Waste	Generated	in	Operations: Emissions arising from
Requirements	for	Disclosure	of	Climate-related	Financial,,
,,waste generated in BRG Group offices are calculated using
"Information and ASRS	2	Climate-related	Disclosures, as issued",,
,,"weight data where available, for locations without weight"

=== Table 10 (page 30) ===
,Directors’ report continued,
,,
,Operating and financial review continued,by the Australian Accounting Standards Board in September
,,"2024. All figures rely on internal methodologies, third party"
,ESG Report continued,
,,"lifecycle data sets, grid emissions databases and forward-"
,1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,looking assumptions that are inherently subject to estimation
,,"uncertainty, data availability constraints and future changes in"
,1.3 Risk Management,"technology, policy and market conditions. Consequently, Scope"
,,1 and Scope 2 results should be regarded as best estimate
,Processes and policies,
,,"approximations, and Scope 3 as indicative approximations,"
,BRG Group’s operations expose the Company in 101,"rather than precise measurements; they are unaudited, may"
,countries to a variety of climate-related risks among others.,differ materially from actual outcomes and are not necessarily
,Several climate-related processes and policies were cited,comparable with disclosures made by other entities. Scenario
,in Governance 1.1. This section provides an opportunity to,analyses are illustrative in nature and do not constitute forecasts
,expand on the risk management matrix underpinning the,or guarantees of future performance.
,climate-related materiality assessment report among others,
,,Measurement approach
,detailed further in Strategy 1.3.,
,,"In FY25, BRG Group transitioned to IsoMetrix as our emissions"
,BRG Group has a risk management matrix (RMM) tailored,
,,"data platform, marking a significant advancement in the"
,"to BRG Group’s business which is used to identify, assess,",
,,accuracy and auditability of our emissions reporting. This
,"prioritise and monitor risks and opportunities. Like the ARC, the",
,,new system enables the use of region-specific emissions
,CMA taskforce considers risks and opportunities along a 5 by,
,,"factors rather than broad global estimates, allowing for a more"
,5 likelihood to impact axis to support cohesive integration and,
,,precise and granular calculation of our greenhouse gas (GHG)
,alignment. The ARC is responsible for the Group-wide RMM,
,,emissions across all scopes. While our FY24 methodology relied
,and reviews it and its contents at each meeting.,
,,on global emissions factors and reported Scope 3 emissions
,Environment is one of six categories captured and managed,
,,"solely for product-related categories, our FY25 reporting"
,by the ARC in consultation where needed with climate-related,
,,encompasses all 15 categories of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
,"stakeholders like the SComm, ESC and CMA taskforce.",
,,"(GHGP). Additionally, in FY24, emissions estimates were derived"
,Climate-related stakeholders convey information from their,
,,"using life cycle assessments (LCAs) conducted on 16 products,"
,respective channels via the SComm no less frequently than the,
,,"extrapolated based on total annual revenue. In contrast, FY25"
,SComm meeting schedule.,
,,estimates leverage both internal LCA data and aggregated
,The RMM underpins the climate-related materiality assessment.,"market data, calculated on a per-unit-sold basis. Although"
,The assessment report comprises the climate resilience,"estimations remain part of our approach, the FY25 methodology"
,"assessment, climate-scenario analysis, and risk and opportunity",reflects a more robust and comprehensive framework. To
,"identification, by the CMA taskforce. This approach improves","ensure consistency and improve comparability over time, BRG"
,consistency and alignment with the broader scope of risk and,Group has also retrospectively recalculated FY24 emissions
,opportunities BRG Group has. It also improves BRG Group’s,using the updated FY25 methodology.
,ability to distribute the right level of knowledge and resourcing,
,,Inputs
,to current and potential climate-related vulnerabilities as they,
,"arise with tailored adaption and transition planning, metrics and",
,,Scope 1 and 2 Emission Inputs
,"targets, and performance management.",
,,Scope 1 and 2 emissions data is collected through vendor
,Identifying climate-related risks and opportunities,reports sent to the BRG Group accounts payable team. Where
,,"usage data is included, this is used to calculate accurate"
,In FY25 the CMA taskforce again completed a risk and,
,,"emissions. In instances where usage data is not available, an"
,opportunity identification exercise in view of incoming ASRS1,
,,estimate is determined based on the dollar amount spent for
,and ASRS2 obligations and the outlined low and high global,
,,the service.
,warming scenarios (as detailed in Strategy 1.2). Our approach,
,has evolved year on year but is not a new undertaking. BRG,
,,Scope 3 GHG Emission Inputs
,first completed and reported climate risks & opportunities,
,"identification in FY21, and then climate resilience assessment","• 
For Scope 3 collation BRG Group uses both direct physical"
,"and climate-scenario analysis in FY24, both in line with",data and spend.
,frameworks provided by the Task Force for Climate-related,
,,"• 
Products: BRG Group use detailed BOMs to complete"
,Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This year builds on the TCFD,
,,an LCA for all products. Product emissions are calculated
,approach as we prepare for ASRS compliance.,
,,using a cradle to grave model. For those products which do
,,"not have a completed LCA, an estimate for the categories"
,1.4 Metrics and targets,
,,of products that BRG Group sell has been used.
,The disclosures in this section demonstrate BRG Group’s,
,,"• 
Goods	and	Services: Emissions arising from goods and"
,performance in relation to its climate-related risks and,
,,services relating to products are factored into the product
,"opportunities, including progress towards all current climate-",
,,emissions. All other goods and services are calculated using
,related targets.,
,,total spend.
,Climate-related metrics,"• 
Capital	Goods: Emissions arising from the purchase of"
,,capital goods are calculated using total spend.
,"The climate-related metrics, emission factors and scenario",
,analysis presented in this Annual Report have been prepared,"• 
Upstream	Transportation	and	Distribution: Emissions"
,in good faith for the purposes of complying with the,determined through LCA.
,Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards ASRS	1	General,
,,•  Waste	Generated	in	Operations: Emissions arising from
,Requirements	for	Disclosure	of	Climate-related	Financial,
,,waste generated in BRG Group offices are calculated using
,"Information and ASRS	2	Climate-related	Disclosures, as issued",
,,"weight data where available, for locations without weight"
,BRG Group Annual Report 2025,
28,,

=== Table 11 (page 31) ===
,MTCO2-e,MTCO2-e
Scope 1 & 2,,
Market based method,-,-
Location based method,"1,116",912
Scope 3,,
1. Purchased goods and services (non-product related),-,"226,042"
"1. Purchased goods and services (product - espresso and ovens, LCA based)","119,304","131,669"
"1. Purchased goods and services (product - other, industry data based)","480,031","501,897"
2. Capital Goods,-,-
3. Fuel and energy related activities,-,5
"4. Upstream transportation & distribution (espresso and ovens, LCA based)","4,155","4,568"
"4. Upstream transportation & distribution (other, industry data based)","16,399","17,238"
5. Waste generated in operations,-,370
6. Business travel,-,811
7. Employee commuting,-,762
8. Upstream leased assets,N/A,N/A
9. Downstream transportation & distribution,*All transportation accounted for in category 4,
"10. Processing of sold products (espresso and ovens, LCA based)","3,740","4,170"
"10. Processing of sold products (other, industry data based)","13,278","13,998"
"11. Use of sold products (espresso and ovens, LCA based)","680,662","753,460"
"11. Use of sold products (other, industry data based)","1,506,338","1,552,129"
"12. End-of-life treatment of sold products (espresso and ovens, LCA based)","15,628","17,257"
"12. End-of-life treatment of sold products (other, industry data based)","46,339","49,287"
13. Downstream leased assets,N/A,N/A
14. Franchises,N/A,N/A
15. Investments,N/A,N/A
"Total Scope 1, 2 and 3","2,886,988","3,274,576"
Note: BRG Group commenced Scope 3 emission reporting in FY24.,,

=== Table 12 (page 31) ===
Graph: Comparison of Scope 3 emissions by Category between FY24 and FY25 where comparison available.,,,,,,,,,,,
,,,,FY24 vs FY25 Scope 3 Emissions by Category,,,,,,,
"1,800,000",,,,,,,,,,,
,,,,,,,,,"1,552,129",,
"1,600,000",,,,,,,,,"1,506,338",,
"1,400,000",,,,,,,,,,,
"1,200,000",,,,,,,,,,,
"1,000,000",,,,,,,,,,,
MT CO2 eq.,,,,,,,,"753,460",,,
"800,000",,,,,,,,"680,662",,,
"600,000",,"501,897",,,,,,,,,
,"480,031",,,,,,,,,,
"400,000",,,,,,,,,,,
"119,304",,,,,,,,,,"17,257","49,287"
"200,000","131,669",,"4,568",,"17,238",,"13,998",,,,
,,,,,,"4,170",,,,,
,,,,"16,399",,,"13,278",,,"15,628","46,339"
,,"4,155",,,,"3,740",,,,,
-,,,,,,,,,,,

=== Table 13 (page 32) ===
Directors’ report continued,,,,
Operating and financial review continued,,,,
ESG Report continued,,,,
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,,,,
Climate-related targets,,,,
,"BRG Group has reviewed, adjusted, aligned and committed to the following climate-related targets based on extensive analysis",,,
,"and consideration. The targets may be categorised into five key areas: Decarbonisation, Waste Elimination, Material Restrictions,",,,
,Emissions Measurement and Climate Resilience (supply chain).,,,
,"Table: Climate-related targets comprising progress metric, objective, milestones and target type",,,
,,,,Absolute
,Metric used to set,,,
,,"Objective (mitigation, adaption or",,target or
Target,& monitor process,,Milestones,
,,conformance),,Intensity
,against target,,,
,,,,target
Decarbonisation,,,,
BRG Group to be net-zero,% of Scope 1 and,Mitigation: Reduce scope 1 and 2,Carbon neutrality,Absolute
from 2025 for scope 1 and,2 emissions not,emissions from non-renewable sources.,by EoFY25,target
2 emissions,eliminated or offset,For those emissions that are not yet,,
,,"avoided, purchase carbon offsets to",,
,,achieve neutrality.,,
Increase use of Thermojet,% of espresso,Mitigation: Reduce scope 3 emissions,75% of espresso,Intensity
technology in espresso,appliance sales which,arising from the consumer use phase by,appliance sales,target
machines,utilise ThermoJet Tech,implementing the more energy efficient,utilise ThermoJet,
,(since 2020),ThermoJet.,Tech by EoFY26,
Waste elimination,,,,
All organic waste,% organic waste,Mitigation: Eliminate scope 3 emissions,All organic waste,Absolute
generated at BRG Group,diverted from landfill,arising from organic waste in landfill.,diverted by,target
HQ to be diverted from,,,EoFY28,
landfill,,,,
Expand recyclable waste,% waste diverted from,Mitigation: Reduce scope 3 emissions,"Torrance, USA",Intensity
stream initiative globally,landfill,arising from recycled waste being sent to,office and,target
,,landfill.,warehouse to,
,,,BRG Group HQ,
,,,benchmark by,
,,,EoFY26,
Material Restrictions,,,,
Eliminate the use of EPS,% of product packaging,Adaption: No EPS are used in BRG Group,All EPS removed,Intensity
"from packaging (Stage 1,",with unnecessary,product packaging.,from BRG Group,target
ANZ),plastics,,packaging by,
,,,EoFY25,
Emissions Measurement,,,,
Robust auditable,% of GHGP emission,Adaption: Robust measurement of all,100% of GHGP,Absolute
measurement of all BRG,categories unmeasured,emissions will provide the necessary data,categories,target
Group emissions,,to make informed decisions regarding,captured in FY26,
,,project prioritisation.,annual report,
Climate Resilient Supply,,,,
Chain,,,,
Gain upstream input,% of SEDEX,Adaption: Increase transparency and,SEDEX incl. 75%,Intensity
transparency and control,assessments,control of upstream actors and inputs,by annual spend,target
,,contributing to product BOM to support,on supplier by,
,,more resilient outcomes.,EoFY26,
"Diversified, region-sensitive",% of FOB of finished,Adaption: Diversify finished goods locations,40% of FOB of,Intensity
& proximate for regions,goods diversified,for major theatres to mitigate climate-,finished goods by,target
,outside China,related disruption to legacy finished goods,EoFY28,
,,location.,,

=== Table 14 (page 33) ===
,
Operating and financial review continued,"• 
For product categories that have not yet undergone"
,"an internal lifecycle assessment (LCA), we have utilised"
ESG Report continued,
,aggregated market data to estimate environmental impacts.
1. Sustainability – ASRS Climate update continued,These estimates are based on the same core assumptions
,applied to our ovens and espresso machines—specifically
Notes to the Sustainability Report,"in relation to product lifespan, transportation, and end-of-life"
,"treatment. Data sources include, but are not limited to, the"
Approach to measuring GHG emissions,
,"International Energy Agency (IEA), the U.S. Environmental"
,"Protection Agency (EPA), and the EcoInvent database,"
Emissions Factors,
,ensuring a robust and credible foundation for our modelling.
"The source of an emission factor must be accessible,",
"reasonable, and measurable relative to the reporting needs",
,2. Ethical sourcing – human rights and modern
"of BRG Group. Therefore, BRG Group prioritises the use of",
,slavery
"emissions factors relative to the site location foremost, and then",
"by country, region, theatre, and globally, in that order.",
,Ethical procurement
Table: Source of emission factors for FY25 modelling.,
,BRG Group conducts its business in a socially responsible
,manner. This includes upholding consistently high ethical
Source of emissions,standards in our procurement decisions and processes. The
Geography,
factors,"consumer facing nature of BRG Group, and the importance of"
,this issue to our stakeholders ensures that this is a key focus
"APAC
DEFRA, ANGA",
,issue within our operations.
"Americas
US EPA, ECCC",
,The BRG Group Ethical Sourcing Policy sets out requirements
,for our manufacturing partners and sub-contractors including
"EMEA
DEFRA",
,compliance with the protection of human rights and all local
,and international labour and employment laws and generally
Assumptions BRG Group uses to measure its GHG,
,ensuring a safe and fair work environment. All suppliers are
emissions,
,required to sign and are held accountable to adhere to this
Scope 1 and 2,"policy. Ensuring compliance with the policy, and the highest"
,"ethical standards, is the responsibility of the BRG Group Chief"
"• 
BRG Group endeavours to measure scope 1 and 2",

=== Table 15 (page 33) ===
Approach to measuring GHG emissions,
,"International Energy Agency (IEA), the U.S. Environmental"
,"Protection Agency (EPA), and the EcoInvent database,"
Emissions Factors,
,ensuring a robust and credible foundation for our modelling.
"The source of an emission factor must be accessible,",
"reasonable, and measurable relative to the reporting needs",
,2. Ethical sourcing – human rights and modern
"of BRG Group. Therefore, BRG Group prioritises the use of",
,slavery
"emissions factors relative to the site location foremost, and then",
"by country, region, theatre, and globally, in that order.",
,Ethical procurement
Table: Source of emission factors for FY25 modelling.,
,BRG Group conducts its business in a socially responsible
,manner. This includes upholding consistently high ethical
Source of emissions,standards in our procurement decisions and processes. The
Geography,
factors,"consumer facing nature of BRG Group, and the importance of"
,this issue to our stakeholders ensures that this is a key focus
"APAC
DEFRA, ANGA",
,issue within our operations.
"Americas
US EPA, ECCC",
,The BRG Group Ethical Sourcing Policy sets out requirements
,for our manufacturing partners and sub-contractors including
"EMEA
DEFRA",
,compliance with the protection of human rights and all local
,and international labour and employment laws and generally
Assumptions BRG Group uses to measure its GHG,
,ensuring a safe and fair work environment. All suppliers are
emissions,
,required to sign and are held accountable to adhere to this
Scope 1 and 2,"policy. Ensuring compliance with the policy, and the highest"
,"ethical standards, is the responsibility of the BRG Group Chief"
"• 
BRG Group endeavours to measure scope 1 and 2",
,"Operating Officer, who also manages the overall commercial"
emissions using invoices containing usage data wherever,
,"relationship with suppliers, supported by BRG Group General"
possible.,
,Manager Quality who has frequent interaction with the suppliers
"• 
For those offices that do not receive usage data, BRG",via their QA team and procedures.
"Group use a combination of office size, comparing with",
,Human rights and modern slavery
BRG Group offices of a similar size and researching average,
usage in each region to estimate the total usage of the site,BRG Group respects and upholds the Universal Declaration
for the various contributors to scope 1 and 2 emissions.,of Human Rights through its sound business activities. Our
,"suppliers, bound by our Ethical Sourcing Policy, are required"
Scope 3,
,to do likewise to partner with us. This includes upholding the
"• 
Life Cycle Analysis assumptions",following human rights in their operations:
"• 
Products are used for 7 years before disposal","• 
Freedom from discrimination"

=== Table 16 (page 33) ===
,for the various contributors to scope 1 and 2 emissions.,of Human Rights through its sound business activities. Our
,,"suppliers, bound by our Ethical Sourcing Policy, are required"
Scope 3,,
,,to do likewise to partner with us. This includes upholding the
•,Life Cycle Analysis assumptions,following human rights in their operations:
,"• 
Products are used for 7 years before disposal","• 
Freedom from discrimination"
,"• 
Emissions impact of electricity consumption matches","• 
Freedom from slavery or servitude"
,the average electricity matrix of the theatre in which the,
,,"• 
Freedom of movement"
,product was sold,
,,"• 
Freedom of expression"
,"• 
Ovens’ usage frequency is explicitly modelled on the",
,,"• 
Freedom of thought"
,patterns we observe from our connected oven data,
,,BRG Group’s Code of Conduct for employees is predicated on
,"• 
Espresso machines are used to make an average of 10",
,,the same principles. BRG Group is bound by the requirements
,"lattes per week, every week of ownership, for all users",
,,"of the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth), the United"
,"• 
Products are transported by road and sea travel from",
,,"Kingdom’s Modern Slavery Act (2015), the California"
,Shenzhen to our in-market warehouses,
,,Transparency in Supply Chain Act 2010 and Canada’s Fighting
,"• 
1,000km of further road transport occurs from",Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act.
,warehouse to the consumer's home,BRG Group’s Modern Slavery Act Statement is published on
,,our website https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
,"• 
All paper packaging waste is recycled, and plastic",
,,and the Australian government platform. The actions BRG
,packaging waste is sent to landfill; and,
,,Group is taking to identify and address modern slavery and
,"• 
At their end of life, all products are sent to landfill, with",human trafficking risks in our operations and supply chains
,150km of road transport (despite recycling options),corroborates our commitment to our Ethical Sourcing Policy.
•,For espresso and oven appliances without an internal,

=== Table 17 (page 42) ===
,"USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand from a base of 24% in FY25;"
,"d.  Acceleration of the solutions agenda measured as the success of key initiatives including beanz.com and Breville+; and,"
,e.  Progress on the Group’s sustainability agenda including reduction in the Group’s emissions footprint driven by:
-,increasing the energy efficiency of products (measured as percentage of espresso machines using Thermojets or similar
,technology with a mid-term target of 75% of post-2020 launched products by 2028);
-,recyclability of packaging (measured as % of range using fully recyclable packaging);
-,marked progress on repairability and recyclability of products; and
-,maintaining net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions from FY25 and making business sustainability led reductions in measured
,Scope 3 emissions.
"The use of these 3 criteria is intended to deliver a balanced view of business progress, with the largest weighting linked to TSR.",