=== Table 1 (page 22) ===
Our 2050 net zero goal and,NET ZERO Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions by 2050
2030 targets,
BlueScope’s 2050 net zero goal1 and mid-term 2030 targets,All global operations (steelmaking and
for steelmaking2 and non-steelmaking3 emissions intensity,non-steelmaking)
reduction drive our decarbonisation activities and projects.,
Our goal is to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,12% Emissions intensity reduction by 2030
"across our business by 2050, which is contingent on five key",
"enablers: (1) technology evolution, (2) raw materials supply, (3)",
,"Steelmaking sites (Port kembla, Glenbrook"
"firmed, affordable renewables, (4) availability of competitively",
,and North Star)
"priced green hydrogen, with natural gas enabling the transition,",
and (5) supportive public policy.,
,30% Emissions intensity reduction by 2030
Decarbonisation pathways,
,Midstream sites that include painting
Our Group-wide iron and steelmaking decarbonisation pathway,
,and coating lines
is indicative of how we expect to achieve our 2030,
steelmaking target and 2050 net zero goal. In our second,

=== Table 2 (page 22) ===
,Refer to page 11 of our Climate Action Report for further
"Climate Action Report, we introduced individual indicative",
,details on the definitions and criteria associated with our
decarbonisation pathways for each of our steelmaking,
,2030 targets and 2050 net zero goal.
"operations: Port Kembla (Australia), North Star (North America),",
and Glenbrook (New Zealand). The three pathways reflect,
the local operating context and status of the decarbonisation,
,Scope 3 long-term emissions plan
enablers in those jurisdictions that are now shaping the,
,"Since 2020, BlueScope’s Scope 3 reporting has evolved with"
projects that are helping us to deliver on our 2030 steelmaking,
,improvements to our data collection and reporting processes.
target and 2050 net zero goal.,
,"As part of our continued focus on Scope 3 emissions, we"
,developed an indicative long-term pathway and work program
First time disaggregation of,
,to further enhance the accuracy of our emissions inventory and
steelmaking emissions,determine feasible opportunities for Scope 3 GHG emissions
,reduction. Refer to pages 39-41 of the Climate Action Report
"For the first time, in our second Climate Action Report we",
,for further details.
reported the historical GHG intensity by steelmaking site to,
highlight the opportunities and challenges at our different,
sites; noting however that our 2030 steelmaking target applies,Capital allocation approach
to the combined GHG emission intensity contributions of our,Our 2030 targets and 2050 net zero goal are supported by
three steelmaking sites and should not be considered to apply,"our capital allocation framework, with an initial allocation of"
at an individual site level.,"up to $150 million over five years (from 2021), and a total"
,estimated capital investment of $300 million to $400 million
Climate scenario analysis,to 2030. Key decarbonisation projects supported include the
,"construction of New Zealand Steel’s Electric Arc Furnace (EAF),"
Our climate scenario analysis was revised in 2024 to evaluate,
,our Direct Reduced Iron (DRI)-Electric Smelting Furnace (ESF)
the resilience of our business strategy and asset portfolio,
,pilot plant (NeoSmelt joint venture) and the installation of a
against potential transitional and physical climate-related,
,Waste Gas Heat Recovery (WGHR) system and Top Recovery
"risks. Four climate scenarios were developed, reflecting",
,Turbine (TRT) at Port Kembla Steelworks as part of the No.6
global temperature outcomes based on the latest IPCC,
,Blast Furnace reline.
and International Energy Agency (IEA) reports. The results,
indicate that our current strategy remains broadly resilient,
"across all updated scenarios, though the impacts vary by",Physical risk assessment
steelmaking site.,In 2024 we also updated our physical climate risk assessment
,which included the assessment of 71 sites for exposure to
,six climate-related hazards (heat stress; floods; water stress;
,"sea level rise; bushfires; cyclones, hurricanes, typhoons)."
,Consistent with the assessment published in our 2021 Climate
,"Action Report, we found that our risk exposure to climate-"
,related hazards does not increase significantly in the short-
,"to medium-term. However, this exposure will increase towards"
,2050 and the second half of this century under the ‘high
,climate’ scenario.

=== Table 3 (page 23) ===
to investigate the potential supply of biocarbon to replace
Recognition of trade exposure under Australian GHG emission regulation
The Safeguard Mechanism (SGM) is the Australian Government’s policy for reducing emissions at the country’s largest industrial
"facilities, including BlueScope’s Port Kembla Steelworks and Western Port Works. The SGM sets legislated limits on the GHG"
emissions from these facilities. These limits decline over time and are designed to create a material incentive for facilities to invest
"in reducing Scope 1 GHG emissions. Facilities that emit below their baseline generate Safeguard Mechanism Credits (SMCs), which"
"can be sold to other facilities that need to offset emissions exceeding their baseline, or banked to manage future liability."
BlueScope’s Port Kembla Steelworks has qualified for Trade Exposed Baseline Adjusted (‘TEBA’) status for the period FY2024 to
FY2026 inclusive. This status reduces the legislated decline rate from 4.9 per cent to 1 per cent per year for the facility during this
"period, supporting its ongoing international competitiveness as it works to decarbonise its operations."

=== Table 4 (page 24) ===
and steelmaking technology. Continuous improvement principles will apply to future production processes.,
2. Contingent upon commercial supply of hydrogen from renewable sources.,
"3. Other technologies include electrolysis, CCS and biocarbon, etc.",
4. We retain the option to use offsets to meet our 2050 net zero goal where direct abatement is not technically or commercially feasible.,
Australia: Piloting lower emissions ironmaking,"of approximately 300,000 tonnes annually. This represents more"
The NeoSmelt project brings together the expertise from five,than half of New Zealand’s annual scrap steel exports. The EAF
"global companies - BHP, BlueScope, Mitsui Iron Ore Development,",will replace the existing oxygen steelmaking furnace and eliminate
"Rio Tinto, and Woodside Energy – in a joint venture to investigate","two of the four coal-fed kilns, enabling an up to one million tonnes"
the development of Australia’s largest ironmaking ESF pilot plant.,per annum or approximately 55 per cent1 reduction in the facility’s
"The project aims to validate the ESF technology at a pilot scale,",Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
specifically focusing on the use of Pilbara iron ore in this process.,
A final investment decision is anticipated before the end of,North America: Debottlenecking program at North Star
,North Star's predominantly scrap-based EAF steelmaking
"CY2026. If approved, the pilot plant is expected to produce",
,produces high quality flat steel at a very low emissions intensity.
"30,000 to 40,000 tonnes of molten iron annually, starting in 2028.",
,The construction of an additional EAF to expand production at
"During FY2025, NeoSmelt achieved a number of key milestones.",
,"the site by up to 850,000 tonnes per annum was completed"
The Kwinana Industrial Area in Western Australia was selected as,
,in FY2024. This expansion has resulted in greater EAF capacity
the pilot plant location. The project successfully progressed from,
,than the plant's downstream operations can currently process.
the pre-feasiblity to the feasibility phase. Two new joint venture,
,"To address this, a debottlenecking program will further increase"
"partners, Mitsui Iron Ore Development, and Woodside Energy,",
,throughput by ~10 per cent to 3.3 million tonnes of steel
were introduced. The joint venture secured $19.8 million in,
,production per annum. While these efficiency improvements will
funding from the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA) to,
,"positively impact emissions intensity per tonne of steel, it is"
"support the feasibility study, adding to the $75 million contribution",
,anticipated that BlueScope's absolute emissions will increase due
towards the construction of the pilot plant (if approved) from the,
,to the higher volume of steel produced.
Western Australian Government.,
,Looking ahead to 2030
"If successful, this project has the potential to unlock longer-term",
,Upon finalisation of commissioning the EAF at Glenbrook in
alternatives to the traditional blast furnace steelmaking route and,
,"CY2026, together with the debottlenecking at North Star,"
help ensure the longevity of Australia’s iron ore industry.,
,BlueScope's steelmaking GHG emissions intensity is estimated to
New Zealand: Electric Arc Furnace installation,be below 1.3 tC02-e per tonne by 20302. This would represent
New Zealand Steel’s EAF project continues to make strong,at least a 20 per cent reduction in BlueScope's steelmaking GHG
"progress. Once operational, it will mark a significant shift in",emissions intensity on our FY2018 baseline.
"decarbonising steelmaking at Glenbrook. Announced in 2023,",

=== Table 5 (page 25) ===
"Sustainability 
Enduring business 
Safe, thriving","Action on climate 
Responsible 
About this Report"
"at BlueScope
strength and growth
people and engaged","and environment
products and"
communities,supply chains
Progress across our non-steelmaking operations,Emissions performance
Our indicative non-steelmaking decarbonisation pathway,Iron and steelmaking activities across our three steelmaking sites
describes our mid-term and long-term ambitions to decarbonise,"(Port Kembla, North Star and Glenbrook) account for 92 per cent"
"our non-steelmaking operations,1 aligned to our 2030 non-",of our total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions with non-steelmaking
steelmaking target and 2050 net zero goal. Refer to page 34-35,(midstream and downstream activities) account for the remaining
of our second Climate Action Report for further detail on the non-,8 per cent of GHG emissions.
steelmaking decarbonisation pathway.,
,Absolute GHG emissions: FY2025 total Scope 1 and 2 GHG
Energy and process efficiencies are important in reducing GHG,emissions reduced on an absolute basis by 4.5 per cent when
"emissions across our non-steelmaking operations, particularly","compared with FY2018, and 0.6 per cent compared to FY2024."
"at our ‘midstream’ rolling, coating and/or painting facilities. In",This minor year-on-year decrease was mainly due to lower steel
"late 2024, the installation of new, more efficient paint line","production volumes at Glenbrook, and continued decarbonisation"
ovens and a regenerative thermal oxidiser (RTO) at Western Port,of the electricity grids supplying North Star and Port Kembla.
Works was completed with the potential to reduce emissions by,Absolute emissions from midstream operations also declined
"approximately 18,000 tCO2-e per year. The RTO utilises the solvent",during the period with the installation of the paint ovens at
laden air from the ovens as a fuel to pre-heat return air to the,"Western Port, which once operating for a full financial year has"
ovens. The recovered heat reduces the amount of natural gas,"the potential to reduce emissions by approximately 18,000 tCO2 -e"
required to heat the ovens. See also 'CPL2 ovens replacement,per annum.
project' on page 29. An RTO at BlueScope Coated Products,
Middletown in North America is now operational and delivers,BLUESCOPE'S TOTAL GLOBAL SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG
"emissions reductions of approximately 9,200 tCO2-e per year. Our",EMISSIONS (ktCO2-e)
"midstream site in Cilegon, Indonesia has realised reductions of up",
"to 1,700 tCO2-e per year in natural gas consumption by optimising",
production schedules.,"1,860
1,740"
,"1,660"
,"1,740
1,750
1,700"
"Looking ahead, a feasibility study is underway for installing new",
ovens and upgrading heat recovery systems at Steelscape’s,
Rancho Cucamonga facility. This represents a key opportunity,
to enhance energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions at this,
"site. In partnership with our paint suppliers, we are exploring low","8,820
8,840
8,680"
,"8,510
8,500
8,500"
"volatile organic carbon (VOC) coatings, including radiation curing,",
water-based paint systems and high-solids.,

=== Table 6 (page 26) ===
BlueScope Steel Limited,
Sustainability Report FY2025,
Steelmaking performance,Non-steelmaking performance
"In FY2025, BlueScope achieved a 14 per cent reduction in",BlueScope's non-steelmaking emissions intensity has reduced
"steelmaking emissions intensity against its FY2018 baseline,",by 12 per cent since FY2018. This has been driven by projects
above its 2030 target level. This was primarily driven by,including the installation of a more efficient paint line oven
"higher volumes at North Star, along with operating and process","at Western Port in Australia, a regenerative thermal oxidiser"
efficiencies at Glenbrook and Port Kembla Steelworks.,"installed at Middletown in Ohio, and optimisation of production"
,"schedules in Cilegon, Indonesia. Midstream emissions reduction"
,performance was again affected in FY2025 by higher levels
,of value-added production (which have a higher emissions
,intensity) within lower overall midstream volumes.
GHG emissions intensity for steelmaking activities (Scope 1 and,GHG emissions intensity for non-steelmaking activities (Scope 1
2)(tCO2-e per raw steel tonnes),"and 2)1,2(tCO2-e per despatched tonnes)"

=== Table 7 (page 33) ===
"ESG maturity and identify improvement steps. During the year, we",,,,,
,,network score higher in each pillar than the EcoVadis benchmark,,,
"doubled the number of suppliers in IQ Plus to 6,100, including",,,,,
,,(all companies with a scorecard).,,,
"some lower tier suppliers, enhancing our understanding of ESG",,,,,
risks across our supply chain.,,,,,
Collaboration and knowledge sharing is a key focus of our supplier,,,Labour,,
"sustainability program. This year, in addition to our ongoing",,,and,,
,,,Human,,Sustainable
"engagement with key suppliers, we hosted several targeted",,,,,
,Overall,Environment,Rights,Ethics,Procurement
engagements with supplier cohorts. These included supplier,,,,,
"responsible sourcing days hosted by our BlueScope China, Nippon",,,,,
,,,,,
"Steel BlueScope (NSBS) Thailand and Vietnam teams, a global",55.5,58,57.1,53.9,47.8
Human Rights Day webinar and our global Climate Action Webinar,,,,,
"series. We also continued our Scope 3 study, working with",,,,,
,+7.0,+9.0,+5.8,+8.2,+7.9
key suppliers to understand their emissions and their emissions,,,,,
,compared,compared,compared,compared,compared
reduction programs.,with,with,with,with,with
,benchmark,benchmark,benchmark,benchmark,benchmark
"For more information, refer to Our Supplier Code of Conduct.",,,,,