=== Page 3 ===
A message from our 
Managing Director & CEO
Our FY2025  Sustainability Report highlights 
our progress across our four sustainability 
focus areas, showcasing how we are advancing 
health and safety , decarbonisation initiatives, 
inclusion, and responsible business practices 
to build a stronger , more sustainable future.
Mark Vassella
Managing Director and CEO, BlueScope Steel Limited
It’s my pleasure to present the FY2025  Sustainability Report, 
which details the progress BlueScope has made against our four 
sustainability focus areas. This updated approach to sustainability, 
titled our 'Sustainability at BlueScope' framework, guides our 
actions and ensures transparency and accountability as we 
progress toward our long-term goals and aspirations.
In a year marked by evolving industry dynamics and 
macroeconomic uncertainty, we focused on business resilience 
and delivering on our sustainability commitments.
At the start of the financial  year, we embarked on a company-
wide ‘Refocus on Safety’ to prioritise a culture of care, learning 
and accountability. This work continues through FY2026,  and 
reinforces our safety standards and engages our people to design 
solutions that deliver effective  safety controls.
In FY2025,  our people delivered 192 HSE risk control improvement 
projects, with over 1,300 employees participating in HSE learning 
programs. Despite this effort,  some of our people suffered  life 
changing injuries during the year, with significant  impact on them, 
their families and our people. This is something we are absolutely 
committed  to addressing.
We are making real progress on our climate action strategy, in 
particular advancing the NeoSmelt joint venture, which aims to 
develop Australia’s largest ironmaking electric smelting furnace 
(ESF) pilot plant. Our Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) project in New 
Zealand is on track to be hot commissioned in early 2026. 
Elsewhere in our portfolio,  we have projects focused on reducing 
emissions in our non-steelmaking operations.The ramp up of the North Star expansion, together with operating 
and process efficiencies  that we achieved at Glenbrook and Port 
Kembla have contributed to a 14 per cent reduction in aggregated 
steelmaking emissions intensity compared to our FY2018  baseline. 
Pleasingly, we are now ahead of our 2030 steelmaking emissions 
reduction target.
We remain committed  to the United Nations Guiding Principles 
on business and human rights, and ongoing work to strengthen 
this in our supply chain has progressed. Additionally, cultivating 
an inclusive culture and diverse workforce remains a focus at 
BlueScope. In the year, female workforce participation held steady 
at 25 per cent.
Our achievements this year are a testament to the strength of our 
people and the resilience of our strategy. I have great confidence 
in our leadership and teams across the globe, as they build on our 
strong foundations for enduring business strength and growth.
I hope this FY2025  Sustainability Report provides a meaningful 
update on BlueScope’s sustainability journey and demonstrates 
how our people are living Our Purpose: “T o create and inspire 
smart solutions in steel, to strengthen our communities for 
the future".
Mark Vassella 
Managing Director & CEOSustainability 
at BlueScopeEnduring business 
strength and growthSafe, thriving 
people and engaged 
communitiesAction on climate 
and environmentResponsible 
products and 
supply chainsAbout this Report
3

=== Page 5 ===
Sustainability 
at BlueScope
Our approach to sustainability
At BlueScope, sustainability is a driver for our success, as we seek to operate in a way that benefits  our people and value chain, while 
minimising our environmental impact.
Our approach to sustainability underpins the strength of our organisation, taking a balanced view of business objectives, broader trends, 
and stakeholder interests over the short-, medium- and long-term. Our commitment to sustainability is driven by Our Purpose, the core 
values, and key stakeholders reflected  in Our Bond, and is integrated into Our Strategy.
This year we updated our Sustainability at BlueScope  framework, outlining our strategic priorities under four focus areas. Each of 
these focus areas is underpinned by Group-level commitments and indicators to track performance. Commitments are realised through 
activities and programs to manage and transform our operations, build the skills and engagement of our people, provide a safe 
workplace, foster responsible supply chains, protect the environment, and deliver smart solutions in steel for our customers and 
communities. This approach is further supported by operating principles and standards including our Code of Conduct: 'How We Work' 
and our Group Risk Appetite Statements.
Our Global Approach: BlueScope's commitment to sustainability is founded on our Purpose, Bond and Strategy.
Action on climate and 
environment
•Drive the decarbonisation of our
operations, see p. 21 -26
•Work with others to progress
steel industry transition, see p. 23
•Protect the environment, see p. 27 -29
6Safe,  thriving people  and 
engaged communities
•Safety and wellbeing comes first, see p. 13 -15
•Respect human rights for all workers, see
p.18
•Build a culture of inclusion and learning, see
p. 16 -17
•Contribute to the communities where we
operate, see p. 19 -20
Enduring  business 
strength  and  growth
•Operate and invest in a resilient
business with strong brands, see p. 9
•Deliver value to customers and
shareholders, see p. 7 -9,  30 -32
•Operate with integrity, see p. 10 -11Responsible  products 
and  supply  chains
•Drive sustainable outcomes for our
customers through product innovation
and stewardship, see p. 30 -32
•Provide credible product information and
data, see p. 30 -32
•Source products and services responsibly,
see p. 33 -34
Reporting what matters  most
BlueScope is committed  to addressing topics that have the potential for significant  impact on people, the environment, and the 
economy. This includes the human rights of people working for BlueScope and our business partners.
During FY2025,  we conducted a detailed sustainability materiality assessment. This included a review of steel and value chain peer 
disclosures, industry thought leadership, ESG (environmental, social and governance) investment surveys, and direct queries and 
internal engagement with functional and business unit leaders. Our findings  were further informed by insights from our ongoing 
internal and external stakeholder engagement channels, detailed on pages 6 and 7 of the Sustainability Data Supplement . In this year's 
assessment, we noted the continued focus on safety for our industry, an accelerating emphasis on climate resilience and mitigation 
planning, sustainable products (i.e. lower emissions, supporting circularity) and environment and nature. As a result, our updated Sustainability 
at BlueScopeEnduring business 
strength and growthSafe, thriving 
people and engaged 
communitiesAction on climate 
and environmentResponsible 
products and 
supply chainsAbout this Report
5

=== Page 7 ===
Future of steel
Steel is essential for our everyday lives
Steel is an essential, durable and adaptable material, vital to 
modern economies and critical to the transition to a lower carbon 
world. Steel is used in many aspects of our lives and underpins 
sustainable development through its critical role in the built 
environment, transport and energy infrastructure. If steel is not 
‘in’ something, it is likely in the machine that was used to make it. 
It is a durable material which can be reused or recycled repeatedly 
without loss of quality. Steel is also fundamental to a successful 
circular economy.
BlueScope's challenge lies in providing steel for society’s 
needs, while reducing GHG emissions and improving circularity 
throughout the value chain. Across our businesses and teams, we 
are constantly seeking new, improved ways to support climate 
transition, enhance resilience, and improve product longevity 
and circularity.
We have set up partnerships with universities and research 
organisations where we operate, designed to collectively add 
value to solve customer, industry and broader sustainability 
challenges. We are also working closely with key industry 
partners, including BHP, Rio Tinto, Mitsui Iron Ore Development, 
and Woodside Energy, as well as global steelmakers such 
as Tata Steel, thyssenkrupp, and POSCO, to address shared 
sustainability challenges across the value chain. Working directly 
with our customers and downstream value chain partners, such 
as developers, builders, architects and engineers, who specify 
or use our products, we are addressing evolving expectations. 
We aim to develop more sustainable projects with our customers 
and partners by selecting the appropriate type of steel for each application and incorporating innovative designs that facilitate 
future use and reuse.
To support our customers' decision making and sustainability 
objectives, we provide information about the sustainability 
credentials of a range of our products, procurement and 
manufacturing processes.
Reducing the embodied carbon associated with our products is 
a crucial part of our current efforts,  including through uptake of 
renewables, increasing the recycled steel content, and working 
with customers to design for longevity, material efficiency  
and adaptive reuse. We advocate for, and participate in, the 
development of relevant industry sustainability standards for the 
steel value chain.
Steel use by sector1
STEEL  USE 
​2024  
​1,742  MtBuilding  and infrastructure  52%
Other  transport  5%
Domestic  appliances  2%
Automotive  12%
Mechanical  equipment  16%
Metal  products  10%
Electrical  equipment  3%
1.Data adapted from 2025 World Steel in Figures. Worldsteel Association.
Steel is an essential material, critical to the transition to a lower carbon world.
Steel is used in most aspects of our lives1
•From cars and buildings to refrigerators and cargo ships, and 
much more.
•It is the world’s most important engineering and 
construction material.
•It has the highest strength to weight ratio of all 
building materials.
Steel underpins sustainable development1
•Ensures the maximum value of resources through recovery 
and reuse, remanufacturing and recycling.
•Underpins the transition to renewable energy, including 
the generation of renewable energy, electrification,  mass 
transport and the hydrogen economy.Steel contributes to economic prosperity1
•Globally, it supports direct employment for over 6 million 
people, and indirect employment for more than 49 million.
•The total amount of steel in use today is equal to more than 
215 kg per person.
•By 2050, steel use is projected to increase by around 20 
per cent compared to present levels in order to meet the 
needs of society's growing population.
Port Kembla and Western Port were recertified  
in February 2025 to the ResponsibleSteelTM 
Production Standard. The Phu My Vietnam site 
undertook its mandatory mid-certification  period 
surveillance audit.
BlueScope has been named a worldsteel 
Sustainability Champion for the second year 
in a row, following recognition for safety 
and health excellence in embedding Human 
and Organisational Performance into our 
core processes.
1.Source: World Steel Association https://worldsteel.org/about-steelSustainability 
at BlueScopeEnduring business 
strength and growthSafe, thriving 
people and engaged 
communitiesAction on climate 
and environmentResponsible 
products and 
supply chainsAbout this Report
7

=== Page 8 ===
Activating a circular economy
Steel can play a central role in the circular economy – one where 
society ensures resources and materials remain in use for as long 
as possible. Leveraging steel’s strength, durability and end-of-use 
potential, a circular steel economy is one where our sector’s 
products are designed for effective  and long-term application, 
and then repaired, reused, remanufactured or recycled, rather 
than discarded.
Circularity and steel
Applying the circular economy concept to steel means valuing 
the steel items we produce and recognising their continued worth 
beyond their original intended purpose. Designed for longevity, 
easy repair and maintenance, to be readily taken apart, or to be 
made of modular components, steel products made today can 
become the resources of tomorrow.
There are a number of factors supporting the shift to circularity, 
including:
•Design for, and retrieval of, higher value scrap  – Steel is highly 
recyclable but requires that its design and application allows for 
the recovery of good quality scrap. This shift includes design to 
avoid contaminants (such as copper in automotive applications) 
and improved scrap sorting and processing technologies.
•Demand for data and traceability  – Strong demand for credible 
and readily available information for tracking the circulation, 
characteristics and credentials of materials. For steel in the 
built environment, this includes the provision of environmental 
product declarations (EPDs) and digital material passports, and 
adherence to reputable ecolabels and certification  schemes, 
such as ResponsibleSteelTM.
•Reuse and adaptive use –  With the building sector accounting 
for 39 per cent of global carbon emissions (28 per cent from 
building operations and 11 per cent from embodied carbon 
in building materials and construction)1, there is an increasing 
focus on the opportunity to extend the useful life of existing 
structures and the reuse of both materials and entire structures.•Modular and pre-fabricated applications  – BlueScope 
anticipates an increasing focus on pre-fabricated, 
modular applications to support fast construction, cost 
competitiveness, resource efficiency  and disassembly to 
facilitate potential reuse. BlueScope is a foundation partner of 
prefabAUS; the peak body for Australia’s off-site  construction 
industry and hub for building prefabrication technology 
and design.
•Product and manufacturing innovation  – Continuous innovation 
is driving new product design (examples include coatings 
to extend product life and thinner gauge steel to support 
dematerialisation2), manufacturing methods (such as the use 
of biocarbon) and construction practices (including modular 
design and pre-fabrication). These shifts  respond to increased 
expectations for higher quality products, manufactured locally 
using local skills and resources, delivered faster and with 
reduced environmental impact across the life cycle.
•Locally and sustainably sourced materials  – Localising 
supply chains can reduce embodied carbon in materials and 
products associated with their transport. Local procurement 
can also enhance supply chain resilience, and support 
local labour markets, including opportunities for women and 
vulnerable groups.
•Supportive public policy and value chain collaboration  – All 
stakeholders in product and material value chains have a role to 
play in enabling circular solutions at scale. Industry will need to 
work with governments and other stakeholders to ensure policy 
provides the right guidance and support to underpin the circular 
economy. This includes matters  such as product traceability 
schemes, appropriate platforms  to share data and connect 
material users, access to affordable,  firmed  renewable energy, 
and to sufficient  supplies of local, high quality, scrap resources. 
1.Australian buildings and infrastructure: Opportunities for cutting embodied carbon, Industry Report. Clean Energy Finance Corporation. November 2021.
2.Applied to the construction sector, dematerialisation is a design strategy that prioritises lower material and resource inputs across all life cycle stages of a building, without adversely affecting the 
operational performance or intended function of the building.BlueScope Steel Limited
Sustainability Report FY2025
8