=== Page 12 ===
12
BRAVURA SOLUTIONS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
CARING FOR OUR ENVIRONMENT
Environmental management
Our emissions and environmental 
targets for the future
Bravura Solutions is committed to taking a sustainable 
approach, where possible, to its operations, projects 
and business practices to create the best long-term 
outcomes for its stakeholders, which include our 
people, investors, communities and clients. This is 
evidenced through the integrated manner in which 
environmental risks are monitored and mitigated 
across the operations and territories in which we 
conduct business. The Board and management 
have oversight and take an active role in assessing 
and managing all risks to the business including 
environment-related (such as climate) risks and 
opportunities whilst attempting to identify potential 
impacts to our strategic and financial planning.13
14

=== Page 13 ===
13
BRAVURA SOLUTIONS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT
The core business activities of Bravura Solutions produce a relatively low environmental impact other 
than through travel, energy and consumables. Notwithstanding this, Bravura Solutions seeks to improve 
its environmental impact through office-based initiatives. These include:
our Environmental Management System, which includes our Environmental policy and relevant 
procedures to maintain, monitor and improve our sustainability;
we are certified in ISO 14001:2015 ‘Environmental Management System’ and report on Greenhouse 
Gas (GHG) Emissions and set reduction targets by the end of each financial year;
actively recycling and managing waste from offices, including seeking unique avenues for difficult 
to recycle elements (such as printer cartridges ). We are working towards ensuring all food waste 
goes to anerobic digestors rather than landfill;
promoting sustainable office practices, including the introduction of office lights turning off 
automatically, printers’ default settings being double sided to reduce paper waste, black and white 
printing to save colour toners and the use of recycled paper for our printers. All newly installed dish 
washers and fridges are rated by their respective manufacturers as being energy efficient;
providing dining areas with glasses, crockery and cutlery to enable reuse and to reduce single use 
plastic waste;
utilising video and teleconferencing technology as the preferred method for conducting meetings 
and sharing of presentations digitally rather than in physical form;
using capsule recycling schemes for coffee machines that use pods;
only travelling when necessary and encouraging trains over planes, where possible;
removing artificial plants throughout the offices and using natural plants instead; and
developing a hybrid working policy and encouraging individuals to reduce transport-related carbon 
usage.
COVID-19 had a significant impact on both the availability and safety of international travel for our 
employees. As a result, we have seen significant uptake in online collaborative working.

=== Page 14 ===
14
BRAVURA SOLUTIONS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
We have reviewed our GHG Emissions and determined that our biggest contributors to GHG are lighting, 
energy consumption, heating/air conditioning and travel.  In accordance with the UK regulatory 
requirements, we have collected our electricity, gas, heating and air conditioning invoices to determine 
the calculations of our GHG emissions for FY23.  To calculate our travel emissions in the UK we have:
Gathered information about travel via car and divided the total number of vehicle miles by the 
average miles per gallon using emission factors provided by Department for Environment, Food and 
Rural Affairs (Defra). 
Gathered information on train travel and converted spend data to emission using emission factors 
provided by Defra.  
For air travel, we are provided data from our travel partners and used the ‘Market Based Emissions 
Factors’ to calculate air based GHG emissions.
Based on the data collected and our calculations, we determined that our energy consumption was 
64.42 tonnes of CO2 and global travel was 98 tonnes of CO2 being a total GHG of 162.42  tonnes of CO2.
Our intensity ratios are calculated by our total CO2 divided by our floor space in square meters which 
generated an office intensity ration per metre squared of 0.05 for FY23 (noting FY24 was not available 
at the time of publishing this report and is reported in or around September). The intensity ratios have 
been calculated based on offices operated by our reporting entities in accordance with regulatory 
requirements.
As we evolve our emissions reporting, we will continue to reassess the areas of GHG contributions to 
determine how best to monitor and reduce emissions.  
In working towards a greener and more environmentally friendly future, we have set the following global 
goals to work towards in calendar year 2025 and beyond: 
Use renewable energy in our office spaces. We are working towards having 11 office locations 
utilising renewable energy.  We currently have seven office locations operating on renewable 
energy.
Obtaining supply chain environmental certification. Our target is to reach 20 supplier certifications 
and we currently have achieved four supplier certifications.
Reduce carbon footprint and intensity ratios year on year. Currently we have maintained the 0.2% 
from before Covid-19 as a result of hybrid working.OUR EMISSIONS AND ENVIRONMENTAL TARGETS FOR THE FUTURE