=== Page 8 ===
2023/24 Portfolio highlights
Total income
$174.5m
 10.3%  on previous yearLike-for-like rental growth1
4.2%
4.9% previous yearMarket rent reviews2
6 completed
Rent  4.4%  on passing
Portfolio leased
99.1%
97.1% previous year
Net tangible assets per unit
$3.79  per unit
 1.1% from 2023: $3.75Full-year ordinary distribution
18.29c
9.27c final distributionGreenhouse gas emissions  
Scope 2 CO 2e3
0 tonnesWeighted average cost of debt
4.4%
4.6% at year end
Weighted average capitalisation rate 
5.54%
5.53% December 2023  
5.38%  June 2023
Gearing (debt/total assets)
21.5%
15.8% previous yearWeighted average lease expiry 
(“WALE“)
3.8 years
3.5 years previous year
1 For the 12 months to 30 June 2024, taking into account the average inflation on 
CPI linked leases of 5.3 per cent.
2 Including five Bunnings Warehouse properties finalised during the year.
3 BWP’s net Scope 2 emissions position taking into account green electricity 
purchased and ACCUs surrendered for the year ended 30 June 2024.8 BWP Trust Annual Report 2024 |  Ove RvIeW

=== Page 21 ===
Climate-related and environmental risks and opportunities
Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified in line with the 
Responsible Entity’s risk management process and overarching 
risk management framework. Climate change is considered a key 
sustainability risk for the Group due to its relevance to the operations 
of the Group and the importance placed on this by stakeholders. 
Climate change and other sustainability risks are largely mitigated 
by the relatively passive nature of the Group’s business (essentially, 
leasing out established commercial property for retail use), BWP’s 
relatively uncomplicated and transparent structure, the highly 
regulated framework under which BWP operates and the Group’s 
low emissions profile.
The geographic distribution of the Group’s property portfolio limits its 
exposure to periodic, localised climate-related environmental events, 
such as flood and fire. BWP reviews each property annually from a 
climate-related risk perspective.
BWP undertakes detailed due diligence on property acquisitions to 
fully understand levels of site contamination, as well as potential 
for exposure to climate-related events, prior to committing to any 
acquisition.
Social sustainability risks
BWP recognises the significant importance of ensuring that people’s 
health and safety is not put at risk by its activities and operations. 
It has in place policies and practices to help identify health and 
safety risks and to manage those risks appropriately. T o that end, 
the Responsible Entity is committed to ensuring that the Group’s 
supply chain and business operations do not involve modern 
slavery and has policies and procedures in place to manage the risk 
appropriately.
As far as practicable, BWP’s operational and supplier contract terms 
include requirements to comply with all relevant laws, and to meet 
minimum standards for ethical sourcing.
CYBER RISKS
Cyber security continues to evolve and is assessed by BWP in terms 
of awareness of, and preparedness for, potential security breaches, 
and its capability to respond. BWP does not have critical information, 
safety critical automated systems, services vital to the national 
infrastructure or revenue linked to online transactions, for which a 
cyber security breach could be detrimental to its ongoing operations. 
BWP’s primary exposure is limited to potential data breaches at 
various service providers. In this regard, BWP engages with key 
service providers to ensure the risk of a data breach is minimised.BWP’S OPERATIONS 
Further information regarding the operations of the Group is included 
in the Outlook, Our property portfolio, and Sustainability sections on 
pages 23 to 31.
Mark Scatena
Managing Director  
BWP Management Limited
Perth, 14 August 2024BWP Trust Annual Report 2024 |  BUSIN eSS R evIeW 21

=== Page 28 ===
BWP acknowledges climate change and biodiversity loss as 
risks that may have an impact on the properties it owns, the 
businesses that operate from them, the communities that the Group 
operates in, and its financial performance. BWP is committed to 
actively participating in the transition to a low-carbon economy, 
to understanding the impacts of its assets on biodiversity and to 
addressing the risk of modern slavery in its business, supply chains 
and investments. A summary of progress for the year ended 30 June 
2024 is set out on the following pages. 
BWP’s approach considers the size and nature of its operations 
and its relatively modest potential impacts on the environment 
and society. The Group’s ownership and management of 
established commercial property is considered low in intensity 
in terms of emissions, waste, energy use, and materials. Social 
and governance impacts are limited due to the passive nature 
and localised scope of the Group’s operations and the regulated 
environment in which it operates.
Climate-related financial disclosures will become mandatory for 
Australian entities that are required to lodge financial reports under 
Chapter 2M of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)  (“Corporations 
Act”). Amendments to the legislation will require entities that are within scope of the mandatory climate-related financial disclosure 
to prepare a sustainability report in accordance with the Australian 
Accounting Standards Board’s (“AASB”) three proposed Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ASRS”). 
The draft legislation remains in consultation and proposes a phased 
implementation approach for introducing the standards based on 
an entity meeting a prescribed size threshold, or where they are a 
‘registered corporation’ reporting under the National Greenhouse and 
Energy Reporting Act 2007 . If the implementation thresholds are 
adopted as proposed, the Group will be required to report against the 
new standards from the 2026/27 financial year1.
BWP is proactively aligning its practices and policies and is well 
prepared to comply with the forthcoming ASRS. The primary areas 
of focus include preparing for assurance requirements, reducing 
the emission intensity of its properties, improving data quality, 
understanding the Group’s value chain and assessing opportunities 
to support tenants to reduce their emissions intensity where it makes 
sense to do so.
1 Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) (2023). Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards – Disclosure of Climate-related Financial Information: 
Exposure Draft ED SR, p5–6.Sustainability
BWP is committed to acting responsibly and ethically, and operating 
its business in a manner that is sustainable.
Ongoing commitment to emissions reduction
BWP continues to focus on improving the energy efficiency of its 
properties, replacing ozone-depleting air conditioning units in some of 
the older properties, improving data quality, understanding its value 
chain and assessing opportunities to support tenants to reduce their 
emissions intensity where it makes sense to do so. 
The Group’s Scope 2 emissions remain considerably below the 
mandatory National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 
reporting threshold (25,000 of tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent 
(“CO 2e”)). Opportunity exists in continuing to improve the emissions 
intensity of the recently acquired NPR multi-tenanted portfolio, 
through lighting practices, solar deployment and renewable 
electricity procurement.BWP Trust Annual Report 2024 |  BUSIN eSS R evIeW 28

=== Page 29 ===
ACTIONS PROGRESS DURING THE YEAR PRIORITIES
Greenhouse 
gas emissions 
management >396 tonnes of CO 2e generated for the year ended 30 June 2024 of 
which 335 tonnes are attributable to the 12 month contribution from 
acquisitions completed in the year, but have only been within the 
Group’s control for part of the reporting year1.
 >The Group surrendered 450 ACCUs to offset the 396 tonnes of CO 2e.
 >BWP solar installations (excluding Bunnings Warehouses) helped 
tenants reduce their emissions by 794 tonnes of CO 2e .
 >BWP completed its first Scope 3 emissions inventory in August 
2023. BWP is focusing on working towards pre-assurance, and 
continuing to iterate and mature its approach to Scope 3 data. >Improving the energy efficiency of properties with a particular focus 
on newly acquired assets.
 >Assessing opportunities to support tenants to reduce their emissions 
intensity where it makes sense to do so.
Preparing for 
Australian 
climate‑related and 
sustainability‑related 
standardsClimate‑related and sustainability‑related governance
 >BWP has progressively aligned its practices and policies with the T askforce for Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (“TCFD”) 
recommendations and will continue to provide climate-related and sustainability-related disclosure in accordance with this framework.
Climate‑related and sustainability‑related risks
 >BWP’s annual risk and opportunity review was completed during the 
2023/24 financial year. The outcomes of the assessment did not 
identify any material risks due to climate change.
 >BWP’s 2024 Corporate Governance Statement summarises BWP’s 
exposure to environmental and social risks, complemented by content 
within the Sustainability section of the BWP website. >Exploring impacts of the Group’s assets on biodiversity, nature-related 
risks and opportunities relevant to the Group’s operations.
 >Reviewing BWP’s materiality assessment for sustainability.
 >Identifying and managing transition risk and potential impacts relating 
to the transition to a low-carbon economy.
Climate‑related and sustainability‑related strategy
 >Procured renewable energy at seven properties where the Group is 
responsible for some electricity usage.
 >Completed external assurance of Scope 2 emissions inventory and 
gained confirmation of net-zero status again for 2024.
 >Continued to work with insurance advisors and providers to 
better understand the impact climate risk may have on insurance 
affordability and funding availability, particularly in relation to those 
assets in areas at higher risk of severe weather events. >Identifying opportunities to reduce the environmental impact of 
the portfolio through investing in technology applications such as 
energy efficient LED lighting.
 >Identifying areas for improvement and opportunities to enhance the 
portfolio’s ESG-related resilience.
 >Developing and understanding how different climate scenarios 
apply to BWP.
Property resilience  >A further eight air conditioning units were replaced to phase out 
ozone-depleting refrigerant models and initiatives were introduced to 
improve efficiency of air conditioning units.
 >Upgrades to new, more energy-efficient LED lights were installed at 
six properties during the year.
 >Solar power generation is installed at 41 properties owned by the 
Group.
 >A T esla battery is installed at one property. The battery collects 
surplus energy from the solar installation at the property.
 >78 per cent of properties have water tanks in place for the recycling 
of roof-collected rainwater. The decrease from the prior year is 
attributed to newly acquired properties where water tanks are not 
installed, or where the presence of a water tank has not yet been 
confirmed. >Phasing out ozone-depleting air conditioning.
 >Working with major tenants to roll out energy efficient LED lighting 
into existing properties, as and when appropriate.
 >Working with major tenants to install roof-based solar panels on 
buildings where the energy saving benefits are significant and it 
makes sense to do so.
Customer and 
supplier engagement >Continued dialogue with tenants regarding sustainability initiatives, 
particularly in relation to reducing energy consumption through 
the upgrade of lighting in existing stores to energy efficient LED 
technology, and the installation of solar power generation. >Engaging with the Group’s tenants for a cooperative approach to 
sustainability initiatives, particularly in relation to LED lighting, and 
solar energy capture.
Environmental,  
social and 
governance reporting >Participating in the 2024 CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure 
Project). >Reporting on progress to improve the energy efficiency of the 
Group’s properties in reducing operational carbon emissions.
 >Working to understand the impacts of the Group’s assets on 
biodiversity.Adapting for a low-carbon economy
1 The Group’s Scope 2 market-based emissions total assumes control of properties for a full 12 month period.BWP Trust Annual Report 2024 |  BUSIN eSS R evIeW 29