=== Page 6 ===
Reflecting on Brambles’ 2025 Sustainability Programme, we acknowledge its significant 
success both within and outside Brambles, and in delivering the first phase of our 
regenerative ambition. The experiences over the past five years, including confirmation 
of our leadership in sustainability and demonstration of the clear business advantages 
of our circular model, have laid the foundation for even greater aspirations in our 
2030 programme, which we are pleased to share in this Sustainability Review.
We also recognise that we are navigating 
a changing geopolitical landscape. For Brambles, 
this has sharpened our focus on value creation 
for all our stakeholders, which remains a central 
guiding principle in Brambles’ approach to 
sustainability. It is a responsibility we take seriously 
as a recognised leader in sustainability, and as 
a business integral to supply networks across 
the world. We remain determined to support our 
customers in achieving their sustainability goals 
by aligning our efforts with their ambitions. 
Our achievements over the past five years have 
delivered real impact. When Brambles adopted 
our regenerative vision in 2020, aiming to create 
a regenerative supply chain, we were moving 
into uncharted territory. Today, Brambles has 
developed a framework that not only showcases 
the practicality of this vision but also highlights 
its successful integration across our business. 
This commitment to regeneration demonstrates 
what is possible when bold ideas are put 
into action.An example is our flagship Forest Positive 
programme, delivering benefits through 
sustainable sourcing and community -based 
reforestation initiatives including in Zambia and 
Tabasco, Mexico. This has enabled the sustainable 
growth of over 3 million additional trees in FY25.
As more businesses and governments respond 
to the urgency to transition to a lower-emission 
world, Brambles also stepped up our own efforts 
to decarbonise our operations and broader supply 
chain, highlighted by our ambition of net-zero 
GHG emissions by 2040. We are pleased to report 
we are on track with our validated Science-based 
Targets (SBTs), achieving a 17.2% reduction across 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions since FY20. 
Through our proactive approach to climate-
related reporting, we are aligning to new 
regulatory requirements on mandatory climate 
disclosure in Australia. Importantly, these 
disclosures detail how Brambles is impacted 
by climate risks and are crucial to the 
ongoing integration of risk mitigations and 
the capturing of new growth opportunities 
within  the low-carbon  transition. 
Strong improvements to our safety results reflect 
our culture of care, and we are proud to report 
a further 24.1% reduction in our BIFR in FY25. 
In FY26, we will align with industry-standard safety 
KPIs to enhance comparability with peers.Although we have celebrated many 
successes, we recognise we have not met 
all our 2025 sustainability targets. However, 
the insights our teams have gained from 
these experiences have driven important 
foundations for our 2030 programme.
Our sustainability vision for 2030 is to create 
regenerative supply networks. The next 
phase of our sustainability strategy embodies 
an evolutionary spirit, building on the core 
regenerative themes of the 2025 Sustainability 
Programme while responding to the shifting 
expectations of our stakeholders. Fundamental 
to our regenerative vision is positioning nature 
at the programme’s core, aiming to replace 
what we take and to create more than we need. 
This key evolution extends our focus on nature by 
encompassing ecosystems and their biodiversity, 
and sees us targeting to regenerate two hectares 
for every one required for our timber needs. 
This also recognises Brambles’ role in global 
supply networks where we operate as an 
enabler that can support the transition of more 
customers, communities and policymakers towards 
a resilient, regenerative, circular economy.
Sustainable 
growth of
3m+
additional trees 
enabled in FY2517.2%
reduction in 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 
GHG emissions 
since FY20
Regenerative Supply Networks is a key element 
of our Brambles of the Future strategy, reinforcing 
our drive to inspire innovative sustainability 
thinking across our organisation.
A good example is our product innovation vision, 
which aims to establish a new standard in circular 
product design by using sustainable, durable 
materials and maximising their value while seeking 
regenerative solutions at their end-of-life.
Brambles’ circular business model is key to 
our value creation, merging sustainability with business benefits. We facilitate the smart 
movement of goods while helping customers 
progress toward important sustainability goals. 
Our digital innovations, activated by the Shaping 
Our Future transformation, are enhancing 
our circular performance and supporting 
customers  in improving theirs.
 Fundamental to our regenerative 
vision is  positioning nature at 
the programme’s core, aiming 
to replace what we take and 
to create more than we need. 
We are also responding to calls for business 
to advocate for more enabling policies that drive 
the adoption of the circular economy, support 
economic productivity, and deliver nature and 
climate-positive outcomes. 
As more severe weather disruptions unfold, 
we will leverage our network resilience experience 
to support local communities by connecting 
people with life’s essentials. This involves helping 
customers and food banks facilitate donations of 
food, water and critical supplies to those in need.
In the past year, we’ve seen that Brambles 
is among a growing number of leading 
organisations recognising the vital support nature 
provides to businesses and communities. Our 
sustainability programme aims to support the 
Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework 
to halt, then reverse the loss by of nature by 2030 
with ongoing recovery beyond that.
As we look ahead, our commitment to sustainability 
remains steadfast. In marking the 150th year 
since the founding of our business, we continue 
to turn outwards with heightened ambition, 
ready to innovate, influence and shape a more 
sustainable, regenerative future.
 
Graham	Chipchase  
Chief Executive  
Officer
 
J.J. Freijo  
Chief Sustainability 
Officer
INTRODUCTION FROM THE CEO AND CSO  
 
Leading a future of regeneration
BRAMBLES SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW 2025 NATURE POSITIVE BUSINESS POSITIVE COMMUNITIES POSITIVE4
INTRODUCTION

=== Page 8 ===
Celebrating 2025
When Brambles adopted our ambitious 2020 vision, ‘to create a regenerative 
supply chain’, the practicality of the concept was unknown. The vision required 
a change in the way supply chains traditionally operate, from a system that 
consumes natural resources and produces waste, to one that  consumes waste 
and creates natural resources as it operates. 
As	the	2025	Sustainability	Programme	comes	to	a	close,	Brambles	has	created 	a	framework	for	its	regenerative	vision, 	
successfully	demonstrating 	its	feasibility	across	different	facets	of	the	business.	A	summary	of	the	2025	programme’s 	
achievements	and	progress	is	shown	below,	with	the	full	results	against	our	2025	targets	shown	on	pages	7–8.
2025 highlights 2025 shortfalls
We also acknowledge there were targets we didn’t hit 
and recognise that this is a reflection of our ambitious goals, 
which  sought to balance aspiration with attainability. 
Women in management 
In 2025, we reached 38.8% representation of women in 
management, up from 31.3% in 2020, although we fell short 
of our 40% target due to lower turnover rates. In service centre 
roles, while representation increased from 6.6% to 9.8%, we fell 
short of our target to double the representation of women. 
Importantly, these experiences have helped shape Brambles’ 
Employee Experience-Index (EX-Index) programme for 2030. 
The business has strategies in place to hire, retain and engage 
female employees  across the  organisation.
Zero waste to landfill 
Brambles has focused its 2025 waste strategy on product waste, 
with 93.6% of service centres, including third -party locations, 
diverting their product waste from landfill. While aiming for 
zero product waste has been challenging, we are proud of 
a 66.6-percentage point improvement from 27.0% in FY21.Reflecting on the successes and lessons learned from the 2025 
programme is crucial for developing the next phase. Brambles 
achieved early success against several targets, while gaining insights 
that laid the foundations for even greater ambitions in 2030. 
Nature and resources 
Brambles’ high-impact forest regeneration projects in Zambia, 
and Tabasco, Mexico have contributed to the sustainable growth 
of over 3 million additional trees in FY25, demonstrating that business 
value, community empowerment and nature regeneration can 
happen together. This has served as the springboard for our 2030 
Nature Positive focus area. To tackle resource consumption, our 
product innovation teams developed new, durable circular products 
from waste materials, while adapting for a digital -ready future.
Climate 
The trajectory of our total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 
reduction is tracking in line with Brambles’ validated SBTs. 
Our climate transition plan has received widespread recognition 
from investors and customers, and has been a key factor in our 
high ESG indices  ratings. Workplace 
Our safety programme is embedded in our way of working. 
We have made significant progress in empowering women 
in leadership roles and improving gender representation in our 
service centres. Sustainability is a key factor for joining and staying 
at Brambles, motivating our people to drive positive change 
for the business and our partners.
Customer collaboration 
Brambles partnered with over 600 customers, helping to 
capitalise on empty transport lanes and optimise the broader 
network. Customer engagement and collaboration helped 
extend our influence on the wider network. Initiatives such as 
issuing Sustainability Certificates to customers, demonstrating 
the environmental benefits of our circular model, were widely 
shared by customers through traditional and social media.
Communities 
The Sustainability team has been relentless in advocating to 
over one million people about the benefits of a circular economy. 
Every Brambles’ operating region is immensely proud of our 
role in supporting food rescue organisations that served over 
20 million meals to those in need in 2025 alone.
BRAMBLES SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW 2025 NATURE POSITIVE BUSINESS POSITIVE COMMUNITIES POSITIVE6
INTRODUCTION

=== Page 9 ===
Brambles’ 2025 sustainability targets
3 For every tree used, Brambles has continued to enable the replanting of another through sustainable forestry programmes. The number of trees is derived from certified sourcing volumes each year. 
4 In FY25, Brambles enabled the sustainable growth of 3.0 million trees through partnership with WeForest in Zambia (2.8 million trees) and with WILDTRUST in South Africa (over 200,000 trees).
5 See Brambles’ GHG emissions performance on page 19.
6 Brambles’ renewable electricity results include electricity from renewable contracts 56%, onsite generation 6% and Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) 38%.
7 During the 2025 Sustainability Programme, Brambles reprioritised our waste targets to allow us to focus on those with the most material impact, shown in the table above. As a result, quantitative measurements of progress against two targets 
were not performed or reported. These two targets are: ‘zero waste sent to landfill for all Brambles locations, including offices and service centres’ and ‘optimise all water use, including reclaiming, recycling, replenishment and treatment’. Data on this page is 
covered by  assurance
Target Metric FY25 progress Since FY24 2025 programme result
Forest Positive
Enable the sustainable growth of two trees   
for every tree we useFirst tree: trees replanted through certified 
sustainable  forestry  programmes3 2.6 million trees 3.0% increase
Second tree: enabled the sustainable growth 
of second tree4 3.0 million trees 74.7% increase
100% sustainable sourcing of timber Sustainably sourced timber 100% Maintained
Transform more forestry markets 
to Chain -of-Custody (CoC) certificationCoC sourced timber 85.7% 7.7 pts improvement
Climate Positive
SBTi validated 2030 climate targets for  
full value chainPerformance against SBT  
(includes Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions)5 1,290.5 kt of CO2-e0.1% increase since FY24
17.2% improvement against 
FY20  baseline
100% renewable electricity in our own operations Electricity from renewable sources6100% Maintained
Maintain carbon neutrality in operations  
(Scope 1 and 2 emissions)Carbon neutrality for operations  
(Scope 1 and 2 emission sources)100% Maintained
Waste Positive7
Zero product materials sent to landfill for 
all Brambles and subcontracted locationsPercentage of in-scope plants diverting product waste 
from landfill:
• Brambles-managed plants 95.6% 13.0 pts improvement
• Third-party plants 92.9% 10.1 pts improvement
• All plants 93.6% 10.9 pts improvement
Percentage of in-scope plants with solutions in place  
to divert product waste from landfill99.3% 2.2 pts improvement
30% recycled and upcycled plastic waste 
in plastic productsRecycled content in plastic product purchases 41.4% 0.3 pts decrease
Key   Performance above FY24   Performance maintained since FY24    Performance below FY24    2025 target achieved    2030 target on track    2025 target missedPlanet  
Positive
Brambles’ Planet 
Positive programme 
has the ambition to 
build a regenerative 
nature -positive business  
by restoring forest 
ecosystems, going 
beyond zero waste and 
drawing down more 
carbon than we  produce.
Further	details	on	these	results	and 	the	programme’s	evolution	can	be	found	on	pages	6 	
and	9,	and	against	each	target	area	in	the	‘Our	2030	programme’	sections	of	this	report.
BRAMBLES SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW 2025 NATURE POSITIVE BUSINESS POSITIVE COMMUNITIES POSITIVE7
INTRODUCTION