=== Page 17 ===
Directors’ Report  
Capitol Health Limited  15             2024 Annual Report  
  
Aims and Actions   
We mitigate these risks by: 
 Establishing clear, accessible policies and procedures that apply equally to all staff. 
 Maintaining and continually enhancing a suite of health and safety measures that are regularly reported to 
executive management and the Board. 
 Conducting mandatory training programs for all staff and building leadership capability via frontline 
leadership training for clinic supervisors and operational management.  Mandatory training is also linked to 
performance measurements.  
 An effective, dedicated health and safety role charged with ensuring compliance with the Company’s 
policies, values and expected behaviours. 
 
The Company recognises its responsibility and obligations with respect to its environment, social and governance 
(“ESG”) framework, policies and practices. The Company has in place a number of protocols to manage potential 
climate related events which could impact our business operations and clinical care to our patients, as well as 
strategies to protect its financial interest.    
 
The Company continues to develop its ESG strategy aligned with its purpose to be a patient-centred and 
community-focused healthcare provider that strives for excellence and operates with integrity.  Capitol is 
committed to integrating sustainability into the way we do business each day. Our approach encompasses key 
areas identified through a sustainability materiality assessment completed during the year aligned with the 
recommendations of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB).  The Company is in the process of completing a Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG) baseline, as well as a 
climate risk assessment to comply with the incoming Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards.  With 
reference to The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, our ESG focus areas will concentrate on 
governance, community, our people and the environment. 
 
 
Significant Changes in the State of Affairs 
Proposed merger with Integral Diagnostics Limited 
On 17 June 2024, the Group announced that it had entered into a process and exclusivity deed with IDX, following 
IDX submitting a conditional, non-binding indicative merger proposal to acquire 100% of Capitol shares via a 
scheme of arrangement at an implied exchange ratio of 0.12849 IDX shares for every Capitol share. 
 
Events Subsequent to Balance Date  
 
After 30 June 2024: 
Options 
On 8 July 2024 1,000,000 options were issued to a radiologist at an exercise price of $0.3171 each and expiring 
10 January 2028 under the Group’s Employee Incentive Plan Rules. The options will vest in three tranches subject 
to vesting conditions being met. 
 
Joint Venture 
On 5 August 2024, the Company entered into entered a joint venture agreement and property lease agreement 
to open a greenfield comprehensive MRI clinic in South Australia.  The property lease is at market rate and is for 
an initial ten-year period with extension term options available.  The joint venture agreement includes certain 
put and call options subject to specified criteria and timelines.  The clinic is expected to open in August 2025. 
 
Proposed merger with Integral Diagnostics Limited  
On 18 July 2024, the Company announced that following completion of a two-way confirmatory due diligence 
process, it had agreed to enter into a binding MID with IDX, in relation to the proposal for IDX to acquire 100% 
of Capitol’s issued shares via a scheme of arrangement on the same terms announced to the ASX on 17 June 
2024. The proposed merger remains subject to regulatory approvals, approval by Capitol shareholders and the 
court and other customary conditions.