=== Page 4 ===
Our market presence spans a diverse range of geographies, 
including Australia, the United States, Brazil, South Korea, 
Chile, and beyond. In FY25, we leveraged our global reach to 
implement solutions that address local opportunities while 
driving collective global impact.
This year, our sustainability efforts were recognised with an 
ESG Rating from Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) 
of AAA, placing us among the top-performing companies in 
the Interactive Media & Services industry globally. CAR Group 
also placed in the top five for Best ESG Engagement by an 
Australasian Company and top 10 for Best ESG and Sustainability 
Reporting by an Australasian Company at the 2025 Australian 
Investor Relations Association (AIRA) awards. Although 
these accolades are not actively pursued, we appreciate the 
recognition as a reflection of our ongoing efforts to improve 
our sustainability practices.
Our People
This year, we launched our Elevate 2028 strategy across 
the Group. Unifying our people under a shared purpose and 
vision, this strategy has further strengthened our culture 
and sharpened our focus.Our employee engagement score reached a record high of 
78%, outperforming our external industry benchmark and 
reflecting the energy and connection within our teams. We 
were also proud to be recognised as a Great Place to Work® 
across all our key geographies, testament to our ongoing 
commitment to creating an inclusive, supportive, and 
empowering workplace for everyone at CAR Group.
Our Customers
At the heart of our achievements lies a steadfast commitment 
to our customers. Recognising their evolving needs, this year 
we advanced our marketplace platforms with new products, 
services, and AI-powered features designed to deliver more 
personalised, secure, and future-ready experiences. Our 
ongoing investment in next-generation technology ensures 
we remain at the forefront of innovation. We also continued 
to invest in our cyber and data protection capabilities, 
recognising that trust is the foundation upon which all 
sustainable progress is built. By optimising our platforms, 
we are creating seamless experiences and driving lasting, 
positive impact for our customers and communities globally.
Our Impact
In anticipation of the evolving regulatory landscape, this 
year we continued our preparations for the upcoming 
introduction of mandatory climate disclosures. In FY25 we 
advanced our decarbonisation agenda and enhanced our 
emissions tracking processes, ensuring that we can meet 
these disclosure obligations with accuracy and transparency. 
We invite you to read our Climate Disclosures Report (housed 
within our 2025 Annual Report) for an understanding of 
our key physical and transition climate-related risks and 
opportunities, and how we are managing them.Equally, we remained steadfast in our commitment to 
upholding human rights, strengthening our due diligence 
processes in this space and providing additional training 
across our teams to raise awareness of modern slavery risks.
Our Business Practices
We recognise that robust business practices form the 
backbone of sustainable growth and trusted stakeholder 
relationships. This year, we completed the global rollout 
of our Code of Conduct training, ensuring our values and 
expectations are consistently embedded across the 
Group. In addition, we launched a refreshed whistleblowing 
and misconduct reporting policy - See Something? Say 
Something!  - to further empower our people to speak up 
safely and promote a culture of integrity. We also delivered 
crisis management exercises in all our markets to ensure 
preparedness and resilience in the face of potential 
disruptions.
As we look ahead, sustainability remains central to our 
purpose and strategy. We recognise that continuous 
improvement is essential in this area and invite your input 
as we advance our sustainability initiatives.
Thank you for your partnership and continued trust in 
CAR Group.
Kee Wong 
Chair of the 
Sustainability Committee
Cameron McIntyre
Managing Director and CEO
Message from the Chair of the Sustainability Committee and CEO
We are pleased to welcome you to the FY25 Sustainability Report for CAR Group, reflecting a year 
of collaboration, innovation, and progress towards our shared sustainability goals.
Kee Wong 
Chair of the Sustainability 
CommitteeCameron McIntyre
Managing Director and CEO
Contents
4 CAR Group Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 27 ===
At CAR Group, we understand that managing our environmental and social impact is not only 
a responsibility but a strategic imperative. Climate change and supply chain resilience are 
two material issues facing our business, and our stakeholders rightly expect us to lead with 
integrity and foresight. 
Material topics
Climate management
Supply chain engagement Our Impact 
With more than 75% of our emissions sitting in 
Scope 3, we have a supply chain with whom we have 
the capacity and opportunity to engage with and 
influence. Similarly, we recognise the positive social 
impact that can be gained from closely managing 
and maintaining high levels of governance in our 
supply chains.Highlights
Continued preparation for mandatory 
climate disclosures
Developed our first Group-wide 
decarbonisation strategy
Implemented a carbon accounting platform, 
streamlining emissions data collection
Uplifted our modern slavery due diligence 
and risk assessment approach
Continued to embed our Supplier Code of 
Conduct across the supply chain
Contents
27
CAR Group Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 28 ===
05,00010,00015,00020,00025,000
FY25 FY24 FY23
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
22, 129
1,927 40915,741
4,22621,646
1,510 774 615Our FY25 performance
Climate reporting requirements, risks and opportunities
• Continued to prepare for the introduction of the 
new mandatory climate reporting requirements under the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) which 
we will be reporting against from FY26. More information 
about this can be found in our Climate Disclosures Report, 
available within our FY25 Annual Report.
• Conducted a materiality review to ensure our disclosures 
continue to reflect the most relevant and significant climate-
related risks and opportunities facing our business. More 
information about this process and our climate-related risks 
and opportunities can be found in our Climate Disclosures 
Report, housed within our FY25 Annual Report.Climate management remains an 
important consideration in future 
proofing our business model. 
More information about how we manage 
climate at CAR Group can be found on our 
shareholder website: 
cargroup.com/our-impact
We also invite you to read our Climate 
Disclosures Report (housed within our 
FY25 Annual Report) which discusses our 
key physical and transition climate-related 
risks and opportunities, and how we are 
managing them.
A full breakdown of our emissions data 
can be found in our FY25 Sustainability 
Databook: 
cargroup.com/governanceClimate Management
In FY25, CAR Group recorded total emissions of 23,771.30 
tCO2e, marking a 14.6% increase compared to FY24 and a 
2.8% reduction compared to FY23.
Pleasingly, we have seen a 20.5% and 64.3% reduction in 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions respectively compared 
to last year. Scope 3 emissions have increased 37.5% 
compared to FY24, although they remain 2.2% below 
FY23 levels. 
Our FY25 emissions performance is discussed in further 
detail on the following page.Total emissions – global business operations 
(tCO2e)Climate risk assessment and scenario analysis increases our 
resilience as it affords us the opportunity to understand and 
mitigate risks, determine our opportunities for competitive 
advantage and make informed strategic, financial and 
operational business decisions based on the outcomes. 
This means that we are well positioned to maintain and grow 
investment in CAR Group, adapt to the changing regulatory 
environment, and meet the expectations of our shareholders 
and the wider business community.
Contents
28 CAR Group Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 29 ===
Emissions profile
• The changes in our FY25 emissions profile are mainly 
attributable to:
 –The growth of our Group and inclusion of several new 
marketplace subsidiaries in our boundary for the first 
time.
 –Scope 1 & 2: Filling pre-existing data gaps across our 
operations. This is particularly relevant in South Korea 
where we previously needed to make several significant 
assumptions in relation to the size of many branch sites 
and utility usage such as electricity. Access to more 
robust and accurate data in FY25 has enabled us to 
utilise actual data rather than estimations which has 
improved the accuracy of our footprint. Our electricity 
emissions have also reduced due to the transition of all 
our remaining tenancy-controlled electricity in Australia 
to 100% certified GreenPower.
 – Scope 3: Increased spend across some categories 
including advertising services, data services, computer 
and technical services, and food and beverage.
Initiatives
• Focused on building a future-ready decarbonisation 
strategy. We conducted a deep dive into historical 
emissions data, addressed key data gaps, and developed 
a detailed, data-informed emissions profile across our 
marketplaces and countries of operation. This foundation 
enables us to identify targeted opportunities for 
improvement and tailor initiatives to specific regions. We 
also began modelling emissions savings from industry best 
practices against our business-as-usual baseline to inform 
future action.• Implemented a carbon accounting platform and started 
collecting spend and activity data from all marketplaces 
at increasingly regular intervals. This has provided us with 
greater and more granular visibility of how our emissions are 
tracking over the course of the year and has meant that we 
are now able to calculate our carbon footprint in-house.
• Developed our first Group-wide decarbonisation strategy, 
supported by data-informed insights that pinpoint our 
greatest areas of emissions reduction opportunity. 
Through analysing our historical emissions, we have been 
able to build a clearer picture of our footprint and where we 
can drive meaningful change. Our strategy is structured 
around four key pillars - People, Supply Chain, Energy, 
and Optimisation - and prioritises initiatives that are both 
impactful and achievable, tailored to the emissions profiles 
and operational realities of each region. We will start 
implementing these initiatives in FY26.
• Transitioned all our remaining tenancy-controlled electricity 
in Australia from standard electricity to 100% certified 
GreenPower.
• Vacated our Perth office tenancy and replaced this with 
flexible co -working space for Perth-based team members 
through Hub Australia, reducing our overall office footprint 
and utility usage.Our FY26 ambitions
• Undertake qualitative and quantitative climate 
scenario analysis to assess the anticipated impacts 
of our climate-related risks and opportunities across 
a selection of future scenarios, and evaluate our 
resilience to these risks.
• Commence reporting against ASRS, enhancing 
transparency and aligning our disclosures with 
emerging national and global expectations.
• Activate targeted decarbonisation initiatives across 
our marketplaces, tailored to local operational 
contexts and emissions profiles. These efforts will 
focus on four key pillars—People, Supply Chain, 
Energy, and Optimisation.Climate Management continued
Contents
29 CAR Group Sustainability Report 2025