=== Page 21 ===
Helping build 
Australia’s 
future economy
Helping the nation prosper and 
improving living standards for 
all Australians . 
Supporting our customers 
and communities 
The past few years have been challenging for Australian households and 
businesses, with higher inflation and cost-of-living pressures. We remain 
committed to supporting our customers, communities and the nation when 
they need us most.
We maintained our focus on supporting customers with a range of options, 
which included improved access to hardship assistance and over 139,000 
tailored payment arrangements for those most in need. More than three 
million customers each month use our digital money management tools to 
help them manage their finances. 
Keeping customers’ accounts safe and secure remains a priority. We invested 
more than $900 million this year to help protect our customers from 
fraud, scams, cyber threats and financial crime. Our continued investment 
helped reduce customer fraud and scam losses by over 30% this year. 
We acknowledge there is still more to be done. We remain actively engaged 
with governments, regulators, banks and other industries to support a 
whole-of-ecosystem approach to combat fraud, scams, cyber threats and 
financial  crime.
To support sustainable access to banking services, we extended 
our commitment to keep all regional CBA branches open to support 
communities  in regional Australia to the end of July 2027. 
Our continued focus on balance sheet strength and our conservative 
approach to managing capital and funding provides capacity to support 
our customers and the nation, while still delivering sustainable returns 
to shareholders.
 For more information on how we are supporting our customers and communities, 
see pages  74–79.mistaken and scam payments 
prevented with NameCheck 
since 2023$880m+
lent to businesses 
to help them  grow$42bncustomers served
 from 17.6m FY2418.2m18 CREATING VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Helping businesses drive growth 
For Australia’s economy to prosper, Australian businesses need to grow. 
We are deeply focused on supporting businesses to drive productive growth in 
our economy. By helping bring capital to Australia, CBA can lend to our business 
customers to support job creation and contribute to Australia’s productivity.
Our relationship-led business banking strategy has resulted in our continued 
growth, with one in four Australian businesses choosing CBA as their main financial 
institution. Business transaction accounts grew by 7% this year to 1.3 million and we 
process the largest share of payments domestically. We also facilitated $286 billion 
of international payments for our business customers this year. 
We are committed to building deeper and more meaningful relationships with 
our customers, understanding their needs and providing tailored support. To help 
manage cash flow, our Capital Growth Account continues to provide businesses 
flexibility, with around 50% of customers using this capability. 
Our digital innovations are making it easier for businesses to access lending. Over 
750,000 customers are eligible to access capital more easily through our BizExpress 
assisted or online pathways, with $1.2 billion funded this year. Additionally, over 
400,000 customers are eligible for pre-approved commercial lending to access 
funding to support business growth. To help businesses get started, we have 
expanded the number of customers eligible for online bank guarantees to 30%.
Advocating for a stronger financial system and economy 
Australia’s financial system has served us well, supporting economic stability, 
resilience and prosperity. As a business that does well when the Australian 
economy does well, we are committed to helping improve living standards for 
all Australians. The Bank has a role to play in constructively participating in 
long-term strategic policy discussions and advocating for changes that serve 
the national  interest.
We have a positive vision for growth focused on delivering balanced outcomes for 
all stakeholders, including our shareholders – over 13 million Australians who own 
our shares directly or through their superannuation.
We actively engage governments, banks and industry partners on issues that 
require coordinated effort and shared accountability. Our aim is that our banking 
services continue to be safe, secure and reliable. This includes combatting fraud, 
scams, cyber threats and financial crime; maintaining access to cash; improving 
the efficiency of Australia’s cash system; and seeking regulation that keeps pace 
with technology and shifts in customer preferences.
Additionally, policy areas such as productivity, affordable housing and tax reform 
also influence the strength of Australia’s financial system and economy. CBA 
will continue to contribute to the national conversation on these and other policy 
issues  to help shape Australia’s prosperity for future generations.Helping Australia 
transition to a more 
resilient future 
Australia’s transition to a 
net zero economy by 2050 is 
underway. Meeting Australia’s 
2030 emissions reduction 
target  requires significant 
investment. The energy sector 
continues to be the biggest 
contributor to Australia’s 
domestic emissions. We believe 
that affordably decarbonising 
Australia’s electricity grid 
remains the most important step 
for Australia’s transition. 
As Australia transitions to net 
zero by 2050, maintaining 
energy affordability will be 
key so that Australians can 
continue to prosper. We see 
access to affordable and reliable 
energy sources as essential 
to supporting our economy. 
We are supportive of an 
affordable and reliable energy 
transition that is inclusive and 
considers the needs of 
Australian  communities.
To deliver this, we need efficient 
regulation to help accelerate 
energy supply and contribute to 
productivity. With appropriate 
sharing of costs and benefits, we 
believe Australia can transition 
to net zero by 2050 and create 
a brighter future for all.
 For more information on how 
we are supporting Australia’s 
transition, see pages 104–107. 
Contributing to national fraud and scams resilience 
We continue to contribute to nationwide initiatives to better protect Australians from fraud and scams. 
Technology solutions are making a positive impact. NameCheck has been used over 110 million times and prevented 
more than $880 million mistaken payments and scams since July 2023. CBA is leading industry efforts to combat scams 
by working with telecommunications companies and digital platforms to help better protect Australians. We have shared 
over 18,500 malicious URLs, SMS, phone numbers, websites and social media accounts with the Anti-Scam Intelligence 
Loop since July 2024.
CBA has also joined BioCatch Trust, a global first inter-bank, behaviour and device-based, fraud and scams 
intelligence-sharing network. We have also partnered with Macquarie University and its AI-focused spinout, APATE.AI, 
whose  AI-powered conversational anti-scam bots help extract scam intelligence and receive scam phone calls. 
 For more information on how we are helping to protect our customers from fraud and scams, see page 76. 19COMMONWEALTH BANK  
2025 ANNUAL REPORTCREATING VALUE SUSTAINABILITY FINANCIAL REPORT CLIMATE DISCLOSURES DIRECTORS’ REPORT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OVERVIEW

=== Page 66 ===
Our emerging risks
While remaining vigilant to the risks we need to manage today, we also 
look ahead to identify potential future challenges. We aim to uphold the 
risk management standards expected by our customers, communities, 
regulators  and shareholders, both now and in the future.
Emerging risks are risks that are either newly developing or already exist, but their effects have not yet been substantially 
realised. These risks are often constantly evolving and have the potential to impact the Bank and our customers in the 
medium to long term (over 12 months). It is essential to respond to these risks now to minimise their potential future impact. 
Emerging risks are often driven by new trends in our operating environment, such as competition, new technologies, regulation 
or evolving  customer expectations. 
Our emerging risk profile is updated annually through a review process with the ELT and the Board. This process aligns with 
the annual review of the Bank’s strategy. The emerging risk process evaluates the adequacy of the Bank’s mitigation strategies 
to prevent emerging risks from materially impacting the Bank. In cases where we may have limited ability to influence 
emerging risks, it may be more challenging to implement effective mitigative actions. This may require us to take additional 
steps to address these risks. 
The emerging risk themes the Board and ELT focused on this year are outlined below. 
Geopolitical conflict and 
macroeconomic  uncertainty
Our operations face risks from global political events, such 
as elections and policy changes, civil unrest, international 
competition and conflicts. These disruptions can increase 
social pressures domestically; affect unemployment, 
housing supply, and market volatility; and escalate credit and 
operational risks for financial institutions. Failure to prepare 
for these geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties 
could heighten our exposure to various financial and 
non-financial risks, which we monitor and manage through 
our RMF.
Emerging technology
Innovation driven by emerging and disruptive technology, 
including AI, continues to rapidly evolve. As we pursue 
our strategy, which includes a focus on technology and 
AI, we continue working hard to effectively manage risks 
from change implementation that could lead to service 
disruptions, poor customer experiences, fraud and scams, 
conduct issues, cyber security threats, and data and privacy 
issues. As a Bank, we invest in governance and risk initiatives 
to support our AI goals, including for responsible AI.
Cyber security threats
The Bank anticipates cyber attacks to persist and grow 
as adversaries use new technologies such as GenAI to 
exploit vulnerabilities, including third parties and cloud 
environments. These could lead to compromised customer 
data, critical systems disruptions and potential breaches of 
our obligations. We continue to strengthen our cyber security 
risk management through dedicated teams that monitor 
and respond to potential cyber security threats, applying 
learnings from the Board and senior management crisis 
management exercises, and a focus on enhancing our cyber 
security control environment to address emerging threats.Regulatory reforms
Upcoming regulatory reforms could significantly impact 
us and our customers, spanning areas like Anti-Money 
Laundering/Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CTF), cyber 
security, scams, privacy, payments licensing, AI and climate 
disclosures. To prepare for new regulation, we frequently 
evaluate our obligations including those under the new Scam 
Prevention Framework Act 2025 (Cth) , which will be further 
supported by industry specific codes, not yet released. The 
Bank is also improving its security infrastructure for fraud 
and scams, and forming partnerships to better handle scam 
phishing and reporting within the industry ecosystem.
Energy transition in Australia 
Australia’s economy needs affordable and reliable energy. 
Replacing coal-fired power with firmed renewable energy 
is crucial to meet Australia’s renewable energy targets. With 
90% of coal-fired power stations expected to retire by 2035, 
delays in replacement generation could increase electricity 
price volatility, affect reliability and have broader economic 
impacts. Credit risks could also be heightened for the 
Bank, as well as disruptions to our operations. We continue 
to engage with Government on the energy transition and 
support retail and business customers finance existing 
technologies, such as rooftop solar, batteries and electric 
vehicles to help reduce their emissions. This also helps 
reduce reliance on large-scale utility investments.
Growing societal pressures impacting our 
customers and communities
The Bank continues to face heightened expectations from 
governments, regulators and the community to respond to 
key challenges including cost-of-living pressures, housing 
affordability and crisis support. Many Australians are feeling 
the impact of rising fraud and scams activity, as well as 
ongoing affordability concerns. We remain focused on 
supporting our customers through these challenges and 
continue to invest in strengthening our fraud and scams 
infrastructure to help keep them safe.64 MANAGING OUR RISKS