=== Page 6 ===
Our Journey So Far
1Vertically integrated operations with  
strategically located, freehold-owned,  
olive groves and olive mills
CBO operates a fully integrated business model, with its 
large-scale olive groves and olive mills some of the largest  
in the world, enabling the Company to achieve efficiencies in 
olive growing, processing, and marketing. Our Company owns 
18,677 hectares of freehold farmland, of which 16,700 hectares 
are in central and northwest Victoria and southwest New South 
Wales. In Australia, CBO is the largest olive farmer with over 
2.6 million olive trees planted on 7,000 hectares. In the USA, 
the Company owns 396,000 olive trees planted on 707 hectares 
of long-term leased and freehold properties in California.
The Company also owns three olive mills (two in Australia and 
one in the USA) with over 150 tonnes per hour of combined  
olive milling capacity, enabling it to control the milling of  
every olive it grows. To complete its vertically integrated 
operations, CBO owns 29 olive harvesters, two bottling  
facilities, 20.5 million litres of olive oil storage capacity, 
Australia’s largest olive tree nursery, and one of the world’s 
leading olive research, development, and testing laboratories –  
Modern Olives® – with facilities in Australia and the USA.
2Proprietary Oliv.iQ® Integrated Olive 
Production System
CBO’s exclusive and proprietary olive growing system, Oliv.iQ®,  
is the result of more than 25 years of practical experience, 
research and innovation carried out by the Company under the 
supervision of internationally renowned expert and Joint-CEO, 
Leandro Ravetti. Oliv.iQ® allows CBO to grow more olives per 
hectare, accumulate more oil in those olives, and extract more 
olive oil out of the olives at a higher quality and lower cost of 
production than the next best growers in the world, as 
highlighted in a 2019 report by U.C Davis, California USA.  
All the while using less water, fertiliser, and sequestering more 
carbon per litre of olive oil produced than global averages.
2 IRI scan data, Australian grocery weighted, total supermarket, Financial Year 2023: SPINS/IRI, Single Serve Culinary Olive Oil, Total Dollar Sales, 52 weeks, ending 18 June 2023. 
(Note: Data excludes Club (e.g. Costco) and select retailers (HEB, Whole Foods)).3Premium market-leading brands  
Cobram Estate® and Red Island®
CBO focuses on the sale of premium quality extra virgin olive oil 
products, primarily in proprietary brands, to optimise the return 
per litre for its annual olive oil crops and to minimise commodity 
and currency risk. The Company owns two of Australia’s leading 
olive oil brands, Cobram Estate® and Red Island®, which had 
a combined market share of 34.5% of olive oil supermarket 
sales by value in Australia and 1.1% of olive oil sales in USA 
supermarkets in FY20232. In taking a ‘tree-to-table’ approach  
to olive growing and marketing, CBO manages all aspects of the 
olive life cycle and ensures that every bottle or tin of extra virgin 
olive oil produced by the company meets its high standards.
4Industry-leading sustainability  
initiatives and products
CBO continues to focus on the recycling or upcycling of valuable 
by-products from extra virgin olive oil production through 
internal use and B2B sales. Lifecycle GHG assessments have 
shown that CBOs grove operations are better than carbon 
neutral, with sustainable farming practices generating carbon 
sinking benefits in addition minimising our operational waste.COBRAM ESTATE OLIVES BUSINESS MODELFounded in 1998, two farmers had a vision to bring olive farming into the mainstream of Australian 
agriculture. Fast forward to 2024 and Cobram Estate Olives has grown to become the clear market  
leader in the Australian olive industry, and a global leader in sustainable olive farming with operations  
in Australia and the United States of America, and Australia’s top-two homegrown olive oil brands, 
Cobram Estate® and Red Island®. Today, CBO’s extra virgin olive oils are recognised for their  
world class quality, receiving more than 700 awards since 2004.04 Cobram Estate Olives Limited

=== Page 9 ===
The Journey Ahead
After becoming a publicly listed entity on the Australian Stock Exchange in 2021  
we recognised the need to implement a more formal approach to sustainability  
that is in-line with mainstream expectations and corporate best practice.
We believe that we are a sustainable business with many 
practical examples to highlight how we achieve positive 
business, environmental and social outcomes. That said, in an 
era of heightened scrutiny of corporate behaviour that requires 
transparency around impacts and ambitions, we are committed 
to developing a corporate sustainability strategy that meets  
the evolving needs of stakeholders such as our shareholders, 
customers, consumers, government, staff and communities.
Our 2023 Sustainability Strategy is not the beginning,  
nor is it the end of our sustainability journey, but it does  
provide a holistic and strategically aligned plan that addresses 
materially important topics and signals our intentions  
as an ambitious and responsible corporate citizen.
Over the coming years our strategy will evolve as we gain  
access to better data, improve integration across the business, 
and identify new opportunities to increase our ambition  
and impact.
Over the next two years our key areas of focus include  
(in no order):
 –Establishing a robust GHG inventory across our 
entire organisation.
 –Preparing for mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosures.
 –Identifying decarbonisation pathways and renewable  
energy project opportunities.
 –Working towards more substantive science-based  
climate and nature targets and commitments, that  
are stress tested and based on sound, robust data.
 –Improving data gaps where they exist for material topics.
 –Opportunities to collaborate with external partners.
 –Reporting that is aligned with best-practice mandatory  
and voluntary disclosure frameworks (e.g. IFRS S1 & S2, 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)).
 –Expanding our level of assurance for sustainability 
disclosures.
 –Evolving our policy framework to enhance our  
strategy ambitions.
 –Increasing staff engagement and strategy integration  
across the business.
 –External benchmarking and performance evaluation.
There is a lot to achieve, and this will require effort and change, 
but as a company we remain committed to continuously 
improving our sustainability approach in a transparent manner.
We look forward to taking you on our journey as we look  
to extend the olive branch further.07 2030 Sustainability Strategy

=== Page 18 ===
Sustainability Pillars and Focus Areas continued
Like all forms of agriculture, olive farming is simply not  
possible without the natural resources that the planet provides 
to grow our crops productively and profitably. We rely upon 
water, soil, and nutrients, and recognise that these resources 
are not abundant and must be used responsibly with an 
understanding of the interconnectedness that exists in the 
natural world, and how this fine balance can be altered by 
humans with consequences for natural ecosystems, the 
climate, and communities.
Cobram Estate Olives has always operated under the mantra  
of doing more with less, and productivity and efficiency gains 
over the past 25 years demonstrate our positive performance  
in comparison to other industries. But we recognise that 
continuous improvement is a must-have and therefore this 
sustainability strategy will drive accountability and innovation 
for our company into the future.
To play our part our efforts are focused on the following areas:
 –Improving our carbon footprint.
 –Protecting and enhancing biodiversity.
 –Avoiding and reducing waste.
 –Using water, nutrients, and chemicals efficiently.
 –Implementing regenerative farming practices.
Our company is optimistic about a future where humans and 
nature thrive in harmony, and we believe our olive farming 
business should be a beacon for examples of agriculture that 
are profitable, regenerative, and great for human health.
A POSITIVE CLIMATE
We believe that sustainable olive farming is a real example  
of agriculture that can benefit the environment and we are 
committed to showcasing our achievements while continually 
seeking to improve where we can do more.
Priority Topics
1. Climate change
Goals
1. Improve our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions footprint
2. Increase the climate resilience of our operations
Commitments
1. To comprehensively analyse and disclose our 
organisational GHG footprint
2. Seek to register a climate commitment and targets 
with the Science Based Targets initiative12 (SBTi), 
by end of FY2025
12 https://sciencebasedtargets.org/
13 FAO. 2022. Greenhouse gas emissions from agri-food systems – Global, regional and country trends, 2000-2020. FAOSTAT Analytical Brief No. 50. Rome.
14 OECD. 2019. Enhancing Climate Change Mitigation through Agriculture, OECD Publishing, Paris.
15 Schmidt, J. H. Life cycle assessment of five vegetable oils. Journal of Cleaner Productions 87. 2015.
16 Munoz, I. et al. Comparative life cycle assessment of five different vegetable oils. 2.0 LCA Consultants for high quality decision support. 2016.1. Climate Change
Global food systems account for approximately 31% of human 
induced GHG emissions13. Certain forms of agriculture make 
significant contributions to this total, as do parts of the world 
where land use change has converted native forests for 
agricultural purposes. The Intergovernmental Panel on  
Climate Change (IPCC) point to the important role that 
agriculture can play in stabilising global temperatures by14:
 –Farming practices that reduce emissions.
 –Practices to remove CO2 from the atmosphere and 
accumulate in vegetation and soils.
 –Measures that encourage consumers to shift to healthier, 
lower emission diets.
 –Reducing product losses and food waste by consumers.
The role of the olive tree in sequestering CO2 emissions
For the olive crop, there is enough scientific research showing 
that the olive tree is capable of sustainably fixing CO2 from the 
atmosphere into the soil and its own structures. These research 
papers highlight the important role of olive orchards in fixing 
atmospheric CO2, particularly during the formation of the 
permanent structures of the plant. Fruit production and soil 
preservation are not the only functions of olive groves, which 
can also make a positive contribution by acting as a carbon sink.
International Olive Council Research
The International Olive Council (IOC) conducted research in 
2017 and estimates that producing 1 litre of extra virgin olive  
oil captures on average 10.65kg of CO2 from the atmosphere.
Olive farming emissions compared to other mainstream 
edible oil crops
In contrast to other edible oil crops, olives are the only 
mainstream crop that has a net carbon sink ability. According  
to research15,16 – utilising a life-cycle-analysis approach, palm, 
soybean, rapeseed, sunflower, and peanut oils all generate  
net emissions in their production cycle.16 Cobram Estate Olives Limited

=== Page 19 ===
Sustainability Pillars and Focus Areas continued
Our climate change preparedness
Agriculture is constantly dealing with the unpredictable  
nature of weather, temperature, rainfall, and natural disasters. 
However, climate change is adding extra layers of complexity  
in the frequency, unpredictability, and severity of consequences 
from global warming.
Olives grow mostly in what we know as Mediterranean  
climates, these are defined by temperate, wet winters,  
and hot or warm dry summers and exist at the edges of five 
continents in locations determined by the geography of  
winter storm tracks and summer subtropical anti-cyclones. 
Climate change could heavily affect olive oil producing  
areas, especially in the Mediterranean basin.
The resilience of our farming system at Cobram Estate Olives 
has withstood extreme events in the past and we are constantly 
aware of, and responding to physical climate hazards present  
in our operations.
Over the past 25 years, our company has been continuously 
adopting strategically appropriate measures to prepare for  
the potential negative consequences of climate change at a 
regional level for our groves.
Mandatory climate-related financial disclosures
Our company is aware of our obligations to disclose  
climate-related financial information with the new IFRS S1  
and S2 sustainability standards17 issued by the International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB), and the Exposure  
Draft ED SR118 in Australia released by the Australian 
Accounting Standards Board.
17 https://www.ifrs.org/issued-standards/ifrs-sustainability-standards-navigator/
18 https://aasb.gov.au/news/exposure-draft-ed-sr1-australian-sustainability-reporting-standards-disclosure-of-climate-related-financial-information/According to the ED SR1 (Australian Sustainability  
Reporting Standards – Disclosure of Climate-related  
Financial Information) our reporting period to disclose  
 in accordance with the standard and legislation, is the 
2026-2027 reporting period (FY2027).
Rather than wait until FY2027 our organisation plans to begin 
disclosing information with reference to these standards sooner, 
anticipating that by 2026-2027 we will have developed and 
strengthened the necessary systems and processes to be  
fully compliant with the requirements.
 Our Commitments and Targets
Theme A Positive Climate
Priority Topic Climate Change
Goal Improve our GHG footprint Increase the climate resilience of  
our operations
Commitment 1.  To comprehensively analyse and disclose 
our organisational GHG footprint
2.  Seek to register a climate commitment  
and targets with the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi), by end of FY2025Our organisation will consider appropriate 
targets and performance metrics as we 
work through our mandatory climate-
financial related disclosure requirements 
over the coming years
Target As above –
Target Date 30/06/25 –
Baseline Year FY2024 –
Baseline Performance  –Net GHG emissions: 66,615 tCO2e
 –Scope 1 GHG emissions: 12,651 tCO2e
 –Scope 2 GHG emissions: 13,198 tCO2e
 –Scope 3 GHG emissions: 40,766 tCO2e
Performance Metrics  –Net GHG emissions: tCO2e
 –Scope 1 GHG emissions: tCO2e
 –Scope 2 GHG emissions: tCO2e
 –Scope 3 GHG emissions: tCO2e17 2030 Sustainability Strategy