=== Page 21 ===
21 Corporate  Governance  Statement 
The Board -approved Corporate Governance Statement (available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.cuscal.com/investors/) provides an overview of Cuscal’s corporate governance structures and 
practices, including the Board Skills Matrix. 
Cuscal’s governance arrangements are set by the Board , considering the ASX Corporate Governance Council 
(ASX CGC ) Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition) ( ASX Recommendations ), 
and Cuscal’s obligations under the prudential  standards and guidance issued by APRA , including Cuscal’s 
obligations under the Financial Accountability Regime  (FAR ). 
The Company’s governance practices in FY25 comply with the ASX CGC’s AS X Recommendations . 
Environmental Reporting 
For th e financial year e nded 30 J une 2 025, the G roup i s not subject to any s ignificant e nvironmental r egulation 
unde r Australian Commonwealth o r State law.   
The G roup’ s greenhouse g as (GHG) e missions related i t its activities  and facilities, and its progress ag ainst its 
ESG targets a nd actio ns are set out on pag es 41 and 4 2.  
The Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other Measures) Act  2004 (Cth)  received 
Royal Assent on 17 September 2024 . It amends the Corporations Act to introduce mandatory climate -related 
financial disclosure requirements for entities meeting certain criteria, including entities that prepare annual 
reports under Chapter 2M of the Corporations Act . As a Group 1 entity, Cuscal is required to prepare a 
sustainability report in alignment with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards for the financial year 
ending 30 June 2026.  
Modern Slavery Reporting 
The Group is subject to the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth) and,  as required by th is legislation, published its 
Modern Slavery Statement in December 2024.  It sets out Cuscal’s actions to identify, assess and address 
modern slavery risks in its operations and supply chain s over the financial year ended 30 June 2024. For further 
details about its disclosures, refer to Cuscal’s Modern Slavery Statement: 
https://modernslaveryregister.gov.au/statements/21404/. 
Insurance  and I ndemnification of Directors , Officers a nd Auditors 
Cuscal has agreed to indemnify its current Directors, former directors , the Company Secretaries  and officers 
of any related body corporate against a liability that may arise from their positions within the Company or 
related body corporate to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act. The contract of insurance prohibits 
disclosure of the nature o f the liability indemnified.  
Cuscal  paid D irectors’ and O fficers’ liability insurance premiums  during the financial year. The insurance 
contract does not include details of premiums paid for individual officers and prohibits disclosure of the 
amount paid.  
To the extent permitted by law, Cuscal has agreed to indemnify its auditor, EY Australia, as part of the terms 
of its audit engagement agreement , against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified 
amount). No payment has been made to indemnify EY Australia during or since the financial year.  
Cuscal has not indemnified nor agreed to indemnify any officers or auditors of the Company, other than those 
mentioned above, for any liabilities incurred by such officers or auditors during or since the end of the financial 
year. Additionally, this extend s to any related body corporate . 
No Of ficers a re Former A uditors 
No officer of the Consolidated  Entity has been  a partner  or director of an audi t firm  that is the auditor of the 
Company and the Consolidated  Entity for the financ ial year.

=== Page 42 ===
42 
 These changes reflect Cuscal’s  strategic priorities and its belief that having an inclusive leadership team and 
supportive workplace policies are essential for long -term success. Cuscal is  committed to tracking its 
progress and reporting transparently on outcomes, in line with the WGEA’s expectations.  
 
Environment  
 
Cuscal is  committed to minimising its environmental footprint through various initiatives aimed at reducing 
energy consumption, waste and greenhouse gas emissions  (GHG ). Cuscal’s  environmental strategy focuses 
on implementing sustainable practices across its  operations and engaging with stakeholders to drive positive 
environmental outcomes.  
 
Climate and Nature Risks  
 During FY25, Cuscal engaged external sustainability experts to identify climate and nature -related risks to 
understand and manage the risks and opportunities associated with the natural environment, a changing climate and the transition to a low -carbon economy. This foundational work is part of Cuscal’s preparations 
for the mandatory sustainability disclosures under the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB S2 Climate -related Disclosures.  
 Cuscal’s identified climate -related risks range from business interruptions due to extreme weather events, to 
costs associated with preparing for the transition to a low -carbon economy and potential decrease s in 
revenues in climate -vulnerable sectors and regions. Several of these are indirect risks and require further 
assessment , including a scenario analysis,  to fully understand their impact and materiality .  
 Given Cuscal’s established reliance on natural capital and ecosystems across its business operations and 
value chain , nature -related risks have been considered . Key dependencies include water, which is essential for 
data centre cooling , and sanitation and maintenance services in corporate offices . The Company is also aware 
of potential lower demand for Cuscal’s products and services in sectors and regions that are exposed to 
environmental decline.  
 
The outcome of this work will support a broader and comprehensive ESG and s ustainability roadmap for FY26.  
 FY25 Carbon Footprint  
 
Cuscal commissioned an independent consultant certified by Climate Active to comprehensively  assess the 
Group’s GHG emissions for FY25. The emissions boundary to be reported on for FY25 covers emissions from 
sources owned or controlled by the Group (Scope 1), and emissions from the generation of purchased 
electricity consumed by the Group  (Scope 2). In future years, the  Group will expand its reporting to include 
indirect emissions from sources not owned or controlled by the Group but that occur as a result of Group 
activities (Scope 3) . 
 Based on the best available data, the estimated total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for the Group in FY25 was 234.42 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO
2-e). 
 
Operational boundary  Examples of inclusions  (tCO 2-e)* 
Scope 1  Direct emissions , such as those resulting from fuel use or refrigerant 
leakages   0.005  
Scope 2 Purchased electricity 234.42  
• Figures are calculations based on best practice methodology rather than precise measurements. These methodologies include estimations and 
assumptions.  
 
The Group had a 0.36 GHG intensity ratio for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per full-time equivalent ( FTE) in 
FY25. This represents a slight increase from FY2 4 (0.34) , predominantly due to a decrease in FTE numbers.  
 The Group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for FY25 have been calculated in line with the World Resources Institute’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard. The assessment has been completed in accordance with ISO14064, an international standard fo r GHG emissions accounting and reporting.

=== Page 43 ===
43 
 Cuscal Head Office  
 
Cuscal’s  new head office at Level 11, Darling Park Tower 1, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney , achieved a carbon -
neutral status under the combined NABERS and Climate Active certification pathway, and aligns with the 
international Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Darling Park’s owners are committed to working to create a more 
sustainable future.   
 Cuscal identifies energy -  saving opportunities including the following initiatives:  
 
• Cuscal has implemented smart printing technology that requires printing to be initiated at the printer 
and has reduced printing resources from 16 to four, encouraging employees to go paperless and 
change practices.  
• Staff members are encouraged to use the internal staircase to walk between office floors rather than 
use lifts. 
• Recycling bins are present at every waste station.  
• Cuscal’s office has sensor -initiated cooling and heating.  
 When sourcing materials for the Darling Park fit out , Cuscal  intentionally focused on using sustainable, 
Australian -made products , designed  in line with the NABERS Five Star Green Star rating. Cuscal has  sourced 
carpets, acoustic panels, textiles and furnishings from Indigenous Australian suppliers, including Willie Weston, Jimmy Pike and Dreamtime Flooring.  
 
The Darling Park precinct encourages and supports customers to use sustainable transport options , by 
providing end-of-trip facilities and e -charge stations. Employees have access to e nd of trip facilities including 
secure bike parking, showers, and well- equipped changing rooms , to better support environmentally friendly 
modes of commuting.  
 
Sustainable Solutions  
 Cuscal’s  products have been designed with sustainability in mind .
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
  Our cards are produced 
from eco-friendly materials , 
including 100% recycled 
and degradable PVC.  Sustainable plastics  
DCI+ allows a digital -only card 
with ‘opt in’ capability for a 
cardholder to order a physical 
card later if required.  Digital Card Issuance Plus (DCI+)  
Choose to ensure that all 
mailed customer 
documents are made from 
recycled materials.  Sustainable card collateral  Suppress paper PIN Mailers and have customer utilise PIN Change services in -app, reducing paper wastage 
and associated costs.  
Customers can return their 
cards for recycl ing. Card destruction/shredders  
Return -to-sender  
The Visa Single Network Debit 
Card (SNDC) product allows 
clients to simplify their debit 
portfolio by reducing operational 
and compliance overheads driven 
by managing multiple schemes 
and processes.  
 Sustainable plastics  
Manage undelivered and 
returned mail with ease 
and security.