=== Page 36 ===
REDUCING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
As a services and technology-based business, we understand the importance 
of recognising how environmental issues can impact our operations and how our 
activities may affect the environment. This awareness guides our efforts to drive 
positive change. 
Our Group Environmental Policy reflects this commitment by outlining our approach to reducing our 
environmental impact.
FY2024
 Completed a detailed review 
of the International Sustainability 
Standards Board's (ISSB) 
International Financial Reporting 
Standard, IFRS S2 climate-
related disclosure requirements
 Completed a benchmarking 
assessment of our company 
position and climate risks 
and opportunities to inform 
a potential Climate Strategy 
in FY2025
 Continued working to improve 
our data collection systems for 
reporting Scope 2 emissions for 
our overseas sites and calculation 
of Scope 3 emissions for 
all operations 
 Looked at ways to improve 
recycling systems at our sites to 
reduce waste to landfill
 Reviewed our procurement policy 
to include principles around 
minimising environmental impact 
through sustainable procurement 
practices as well as social 
aspects such as opportunities for 
Indigenous businesses  
 Reviewed our travel policy to 
consider opportunities to reduce 
our environmental impactFY2025
 Completed a gap analysis with 
an external consultant and 
developed a three-to-five year 
roadmap for compliance with 
the upcoming climate-related 
disclosure requirements 
 The ESG Working Group 
completed an assessment 
of climate-related risks and 
opportunities. Initial discussions 
were held to prepare for climate 
scenario analysis
 Aligned the structure of 
the environmental section 
of this report with AASB S2 
requirements, initiating a phased 
approach to implementation
 Improved our data collection 
systems for reporting of Scope 2 
emissions for our overseas sites
 Finalised revisions to our 
procurement policy to 
incorporate principles addressing 
environmental and social 
considerationsPriorities for FY2026
 Continue advancing 
environmental initiatives in line 
with our roadmap, including 
validating identified climate-
related risks and opportunities 
and conducting scenario 
analysis. This will help assess 
financial materiality and identify 
any potential impacts on our 
business or climate strategy 
 Continue developing 
environmental and data 
management systems, 
particularly for Scope 3 
emissions, and consider 
emissions reduction 
opportunities
 Trial and potentially expand 
daylight harvesting in our Salt 
Lake City office to reduce energy 
use for lighting
 Finalise the update of our 
travel policy 
 Continue to improve recycling 
systems at our sites to reduce 
waste to landfill
 Completed  Ongoing  UnderwayProgress and priorities
The table below summarises our progress to date and outlines our key priorities as we continue to strengthen our data 
collection, policies, and practices. It also highlights our preparations for compliance with the Australian Accounting Standards 
Board S2 (AASB S2) Climate-related Disclosures Standard, which we will report against for the first time in FY2026.View our  
Group Environmental Policy
HIGHLIGHTS ABOUT US CREDIT CORP  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS OUR BUSINESS CHAIR’S REPORT CEO’S REPORT34
HIGHLIGHTS
ABOUT US
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
OUR BUSINESS
CHAIR’S REPORT
CEO’S REPORT

=== Page 38 ===
Metrics and targets
Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Our Scope 1 emissions relate to fugitive emissions of Kyoto-listed refrigerant gases from fridges, vending machines and air conditioning 
units within our operational control. Up until FY2024, Scope 1 emissions also included fuel use by the Radio Rentals fleet, however this 
fleet has since been phased out due to our changing business model.
Our Scope 2 emissions relate to electricity purchased for our offices, with emissions calculated based on kWh energy use stated in 
electricity or landlord invoices or as read on newly installed sub-meters in our Seattle and Salt Lake City sites.
For FY2025 we are reporting our global Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the first time. We have included global emissions in the table 
below alongside Australian emissions from this year and as reported in previous years for comparative purposes. 
Emissions (tonnes CO2-e)FY2025 FY2025 FY2024 FY2023
Global Australia Australia Australia
Scope 1 emissions
Fleet fuels N/A N/A 36 195
Refrigerants 13 13 13 18
Total Scope 1 emissions 13 13 49 213
Scope 2 emissions
Electricity – Location-based approach 1626 407 617 559
Total emissions 639 420 666 772
Electricity – Market-based approach 2719 501 609 548
Total emissions 732 514 658 761
Conversion factors:
1. The location-based method reflects a company’s electricity emissions in the context of its location. It calculates the emissions from a company’s electricity consumption, 
reflecting the emissions intensity of electricity generation within the state or territory where it operates.
2. The market-based method reflects a company’s electricity emissions in the context of its investments in different electricity products and markets. This includes voluntary 
purchases of renewable electricity and mandatory schemes like the Large-scale Renewable Energy Target. The market-based method assigns an emissions factor of zero for a 
company’s investments in renewable electricity and uses a national residual mix factor to calculate emissions from any remaining electricity consumption. 
 Source: Australian National Greenhouse Accounts Factors (dcceew.gov.au).
Australian location-based emissions have reduced by 34 per cent in FY2025 due to:
• the consolidation of our Sydney head office onto one floor by December 2023, which reduced Australia’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 
FY2025 compared to FY2024 
• improved kWh measurement by our electricity providers, using actual meter readings rather than estimates 
• the decreasing carbon intensity of the Australian electricity grid, reflected in reduced location-based emission factors for all 
Australian states, and a decreased market-based emission factor for Australia as a whole.  
Scope 1 and 2 emissions for each country of operation are shown in the table below:
Emissions (tonnes CO2-e)FY2025
Australia New Zealand Philippines United States Total
Scope 1 emissions
Refrigerants113 — — — 13
Total Scope 1 emissions 13 — — — 13
Scope 2 emissions
Electricity – Location-based approach 407 7 136 2 76 626
Total emissions 420 7 136 76 639
Electricity – Market-based approach 2501 8 136  74 719
Total emissions 514 8 136 74 732
1. Refrigerant gases for fridges in New Zealand, the Philippines and United States, and fire extinguishers within operational control in the Philippines, are low-emission gases not 
listed under the Kyoto Protocol and are therefore not required to be included in reporting above.
2. A market-based emissions factor was not available for the Philippines, and the most recent location-based emission factor available for the Philippines is dated 2017. This 
location-based factor has been used for both calculations, and a 5% uplift included in this and all other Scope 2 calculations to allow for any uncertainty.REDUCING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
HIGHLIGHTS ABOUT US CREDIT CORP  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS OUR BUSINESS CHAIR’S REPORT CEO’S REPORT36
HIGHLIGHTS
ABOUT US
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
OUR BUSINESS
CHAIR’S REPORT
CEO’S REPORT

=== Page 39 ===
Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Our Scope 3 emissions comprise indirect 
emissions from our suppliers, such 
as professional services (accounting, 
legal), mail house, air travel and waste 
management providers, and account 
for a significant proportion of our 
total footprint. 
We continue to review Scope 3 emissions 
for our internal reference and in 
readiness for alignment with the AASB S2 
requirement to report Scope 3 emissions 
in FY2027. Measurement is conducted 
in line with the GHG Protocol Corporate 
Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard 2011, 
based on financial spend in various service 
categories, along with modelled data 
for aspects such as working from home, 
business travel, staff commuting, waste 
and recycling using emissions factors 
and models from government sources 
as required.
Reporting methodology  
for CO2e emissions 
We use the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development GHG Protocol 
Corporate Standard 2004 to guide our 
reporting of carbon dioxide equivalent 
(CO2e) emissions.
Where we have operational control, we 
include emissions from energy use as 
well as fugitive emissions from on-site 
refrigerators, vending machines and air 
conditioning units. 
All seven greenhouse gases, carbon 
dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous 
oxide (N2), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), 
perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur 
hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride 
(NF3) are reported as CO2e (carbon 
dioxide equivalents), with international 
and local emissions factors from 
government sources used as required.Emission reduction activities 
Scope 1 
Scope 1 emissions have significantly 
reduced since FY2024, with the phase out 
of the Radio Rentals fleet. Our remaining 
emissions for Scope 1 are small and are 
limited to those Kyoto-listed refrigerant 
gases in our operational control, as 
mentioned on page 36. Other equipment 
within our operational control, such as 
fire extinguishers in our Philippines office, 
contain gases with low global warming 
potential which are not required to be 
reported. As a result, further Scope 1 
reduction opportunities are limited at 
this time.
Scope 2 
We continue to implement energy-saving 
initiatives in some of our Australian 
offices, with timers on air conditioning 
units, TVs and main display screens and 
LED / T5 lighting with proximity sensors 
in offices to minimise energy use. Our 
Sydney head office is in a building with a 
5.5-star NABERS energy rating and 4-star 
NABERS water rating.
In FY2026, we will commence trialling 
daylight harvesting in our Salt Lake City 
office in the US, with sensor lights which 
automatically dim when there is adequate 
daylight, thereby reducing energy use. 
To further reduce our Scope 2 emissions, 
we will support renewable energy 
by purchasing GreenPower for most 
Australian offices in FY2026. 
Scope 3
We continue to seek opportunities to 
reduce indirect carbon emissions through 
our supply chain, especially through our 
procurement and travel policies, choice 
of off-site data centres, and our waste 
reduction and recycling initiatives.Procurement: In FY2025, we updated 
our procurement policy to more clearly 
incorporate environmental and social 
considerations, prioritising suppliers that 
demonstrate a positive social impact and 
environmentally sustainable practices, 
where their offerings are otherwise 
competitive and meet our needs.
Data centres: Our two data centres 
in Sydney each have a power usage 
effectiveness (PUE)1 rating of 1.45 and 
1.64, while our Brisbane data centre has a 
PUE of 1.3. Our data centre in Utah has a 
PUE rating of 1.45, while our Denver data 
centre has a PUE of 1.5. 
Travel: Our travel policy includes limiting 
the use of business class air travel 
(which has a larger carbon footprint 
than economy travel) and encouraging 
the use of web conferencing wherever 
practical. Our continued hybrid working 
arrangements, with most Australian teams 
working from home two to three days per 
week (varying between department and 
location) also reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions from staff commuting as well as 
resource consumption within the office.
Waste: Our Sydney head office building 
continues to provide best-practice 
recycling for food organics, paper and 
cardboard, toner cartridges, disposable 
coffee cups and commingled items.  
To reduce paper use, our offices have 
printers set to double-sided printing, and 
a security code needs to be entered at the 
printer to release the print job, reducing 
paper use and improving security.  
Our computers, phones and network 
equipment are collected to be recycled, 
repurposed or destroyed either by ShredX 
in Australia or through tenanted building 
e-waste recycling programs.
1. PUE is a metric used to assess the energy efficiency of a data centre and is calculated by dividing the total energy consumed by data centre by the IT equipment within the facility. 
A lower PUE indicates higher efficiency, with an ideal PUE being 1.0, where all energy goes directly to IT equipment. 
SUSTAINABILITY CGS & BOARD DIRECTORS’ REPORT REMUNERATION REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER STORIES37
CGS & BOARD
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
REMUNERATION REPORT
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OTHER
STORIES SUSTAINABILITY