=== Page 10 ===
Annual Report FY25 | Acting Ethically & Responsibly
PACKAGING 
We have been working with our distribution partners to develop satchels for eCommerce sales that have a 
high recycled plastics content. Our distribution centres (DC) in Australia transitioned their satchels to a minimum 
of 65% made from recycled materials, and our DC in the USA have commenced the introduction of updated 
satchels from recycled materials.
This initiative will help contribute to reducing our footprint and driving a more positive impact on our planet.  We 
have developed and sourced garment labels and hangtags made from recycled materials, which we introduced 
on all new products throughout the year.We care for the environment and the management of waste in our 
supply chain
Implementing Initiatives to help Manage & Reduce our FootprintPreferred Materials Environmental Sustainability
As part of our audit program, we seek to ensure that all textile processing and waste 
management is in line with the legislation of the manufacturing country.
Our audits include environmental and waste management checks for 
1. Legal Authorisations – such as the (EIA) Environmental Impact Assessment
2. Solid & Hazardous wastes
3. Wastewater, Air Emissions and Noise
4. Energy & Water reductions 
We request factories only use OEKO-TEX 100 certified mills, which forms part of our 
Tier 2 onboarding.
Our current focus is on those areas where we believe we can help create a more 
positive and immediate impact on our planet, while continuing to offer affordable 
product to our customers. These areas include assessing opportunities to utilise 
preferred materials across product and packaging.FIBRES
The fibres and materials we choose to use in our supply chain contribute to our overall impact and footprint. 
We recognize that we need to work towards understanding where there is opportunity to use more sustainable 
fibres. As a first step, we have initially introduced into a small amount of our product ranges a selection of 
“better” choice fibres in which we have conducted diligent chain of custody processes to help certify that these 
fibres were sourced responsibly and were used in our product.
• Traceable cotton
• Recycled Polyester
• Linen• Became a member of the Australian Packaging Covenant (APCO)
• Continued to use a selection of preferred fibres into select range of product 
• Continued to develop and introduce more sustainable packaging options
• Continued to build knowledge & capacity for future climate strategies
• Engaged key industry experts on climate risksOur FY25 Highlights
FY25 CITY CHIC COLLECTIVE ANNUAL REPORT         19