=== Table 1 (page 36) ===
34,Carindale Property Trust  |  2024 Annual Financial Report
,Directors’ Report continued
,3.  Responsible business
,The Trust is managed by Scentre Group in alignment with Scentre Group’s Responsible Business Framework and its
,"four pillars: community, talent, environmental impact and economic performance."
,Aspects of the Trust’s performance against these pillars are addressed throughout this report.
,"On 21 March 2024, Scentre Group released its 2023 Responsible Business Report and Performance Data Pack, as well"
,as its Climate Statement and Modern Slavery Statement (which included the operations of the Responsible Entity in
,respect of the Trust).
,These documents are available at scentregroup.com/sustainability/reporting-data.
,3.1  Community
,"Westfield Carindale has a Community Plan which outlines the unique characteristics of Westfield Carindale, including"
,"what Westfield Carindale customers value. It features a schedule of brand activations, community engagement activities"
,including cultural days of significance and local community partnerships.
,"During the Financial Year, community initiatives held at Westfield Carindale included a sustainable clothing swap in support"
,"the Hope Hub, Youth Week activations with the PCYC, Quiet Hour, Mall Walkers, Harmony Day and Coffee with a Cop."
,The Westfield Local Heroes program continued to highlight local individuals and organisations who work hard to make
,a positive impact on their communities and environment. Westfield Local Heroes are nominated by their communities.
,"The successful hero for each of the Group’s 42 destinations (including Westfield Carindale) is awarded a $20,000 grant for"
,"the organisation or group they represent, and the two other finalists receive a $5,000 grant for their organisation or group."
,"During the Financial Year, the three Westfield Carindale finalists represented a cross section of social issues and"
,"opportunities across the local community, with the Westfield Carindale hero, Jeff Kruger, recognised for his work with"
,"Men’s Walk & Talk, which encourages men to support each other in a healthy environment. The two other finalists were"
,recognised for their work in connection with providing support for women and children to rebuild their lives after family
,"and domestic violence, and in helping children feel good about themselves."
,3.2 Talent
,Scentre Group recognises that its success comes from its people. The Group is committed to delivering an employee
,experience key to the Group’s People Vision to be the place where talent thrives.
,"While neither the Trust nor the Responsible Entity have any employees, Scentre Group’s aspiration for its people"
,extends to all employees including those undertaking work for the Trust and working at Westfield Carindale.
,3.3 Environmental impact
,"As part of its objective to operate as a responsible and sustainable business, Scentre Group is committed to having"
,"efficient and resilient assets, including Westfield Carindale. Climate scenario analysis for Westfield Carindale was"
,refreshed in 2022 to align with the updated scenarios outlined in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s
,(IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report (AR6). Two scenarios were developed for potential warming outcomes of 1.5 degrees
,and greater than 3.5 degrees.
,"Westfield Carindale has a strategic asset plan, which reflects the long term vision for the asset and sets out upgrades"
,and capital budget.
,"As part of the asset management documentation, there is also an environmental action plan for Westfield Carindale"
,"which monitors energy, water and waste usage monthly to review performance."
,A climate change adaption plan is currently being prepared for Westfield Carindale. The plan will assess any material
,physical climate risks which will be incorporated into the strategic asset plan for the centre.
,"From January 2025, Westfield Carindale will be powered by entirely renewable sources for all scope 2 emissions under"
,the arrangement with Clean Co.