=== Page 35 ===
Operational risk Management and mitigation of risk
Work health and safety • Scentre Group (as manager of the Trust) focuses on high standards of health and safety for its people, 
customers, business partners and communities.
• Scentre Group has:
 –Life safety programs overseen by dedicated risk and security personnel.
 –A continuous cycle of upgrading and maintaining physical assets, including Westfield Carindale.
 –Hazard and risk identification programs designed to mitigate or eliminate the risk of injuries.
 –Programs and processes to address risks to the mental health and wellbeing of its people, including 
to prevent unlawful conduct occurring in the workplace and provide psychologically safe, respectful 
and inclusive workplaces.
 –Physical, emotional, social, financial and career support services for its people, including a range of 
benefits that include mental health and wellbeing offers.
• Scentre Group (as manager of the Trust) has a Safety Management System, including policies and 
procedures, and Westfield Carindale has a Centre Safety Management Plan. 
Security and emergency 
management• Scentre Group (as manager of the Trust) engages with government agencies and specialists to address 
known security and operational concerns.
• Westfield Carindale is supported by the Group’s risk and corporate security teams and the Group has a 
Design Management Plan, which includes a Safety in Design Procedure. 
• Westfield Carindale has an Emergency Response Plan that includes business continuity plans.
IT systems, data, cyber 
and business continuity• Scentre Group has standards, policies and systems to address cyber, privacy and data governance risks, 
which are subject to regular review. Disaster recovery and business continuity plans are also reviewed 
and tested annually.
Supply chain Management and mitigation of risk
Essential services • Scentre Group aims for a stable and responsible supply chain, which includes assessing any modern 
slavery risks within its direct operations and supply chains. The Group does this through its ERM 
Framework, Supplier Code of Conduct and Human Rights Policy which extend to cover the operations 
of the Trust.
• To the extent possible, Scentre Group and the Trust seek to mitigate the risk of disruptions to essential 
services through contractual arrangements and business continuity plans. 
Sustainability risk Management and mitigation of risk
Community 
engagement • The Scentre Group community engagement strategy provides the framework, tools and programs for 
teams to engage with their communities to create places that are inclusive, safe and welcoming, and 
which the communities consider to be an integral part of their lives.
• Westfield Carindale has a Community Plan which outlines the unique characteristics of Westfield 
Carindale, including what Westfield Carindale customers value. It features a brand activations and 
community engagement activities.
Climate risk Management and mitigation of risk
Managing the impacts 
of climate change• Climate related risks are managed and monitored through governance and review processes that are 
integrated into the Group’s business. This includes the Board of the Responsible Entity, the Trust’s Risk 
and Sustainability Committee, and Scentre Group’s Executive Risk Management Committee, executive 
leadership team, senior leaders and facilities management teams.
• Westfield Carindale has an Environmental Action Plan to manage the impacts of climate change and the 
delivery of net zero emissions strategies. 
Governance risk Management and mitigation of risk
Managing regulatory, 
corporate governance 
and compliance 
obligations• Scentre Group’s governance framework supports the way the Group operates as a responsible and 
sustainable business and in the way in which Scentre Group manages the Trust and Westfield Carindale.
• Scentre Group has a Code of Conduct, values (described as the Group’s “DNA”) and associated training 
programs to establish behavioural and ethical standards of working and fostering a positive culture.
• The Responsible Entity, as a member of Scentre Group, has adopted various charters and policies 
implemented by Scentre Group and has an ongoing compliance program. 
Managing related 
party risks and 
conflicts of interest• Scentre Management Limited, the Responsible Entity of the Trust, is a related party of the Trust.
• The Responsible Entity has a conflicts of interest and related party transaction policy and associated 
processes in place to manage actual or potential conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with 
the Trust.33
Contents Directors’  
DeclarationFinancial 
StatementsIndependent  
Auditor’s  
ReportMembers’ 
InformationCorporate 
Governance 
StatementDirectors’ 
Report

=== Page 36 ===
Directors’ Report continued3. Responsible business
The Trust is managed by Scentre Group in alignment with Scentre Group’s Responsible Business Framework and its 
four pillars: community, talent, environmental impact and economic performance.
Aspects of the Trust’s performance against these pillars are addressed throughout this report.
On 21 March 2024, Scentre Group released its 2023 Responsible Business Report and Performance Data Pack, as well 
as its Climate Statement and Modern Slavery Statement (which included the operations of the Responsible Entity in 
respect of the Trust).
These documents are available at scentregroup.com/sustainability/reporting-data .
3.1 Community
Westfield Carindale has a Community Plan which outlines the unique characteristics of Westfield Carindale, including 
what Westfield Carindale customers value. It features a schedule of brand activations, community engagement activities 
including cultural days of significance and local community partnerships.
During the Financial Year, community initiatives held at Westfield Carindale included a sustainable clothing swap in support 
the Hope Hub, Youth Week activations with the PCYC, Quiet Hour, Mall Walkers, Harmony Day and Coffee with a Cop.
The Westfield Local Heroes program continued to highlight local individuals and organisations who work hard to make 
a positive impact on their communities and environment. Westfield Local Heroes are nominated by their communities.
The successful hero for each of the Group’s 42 destinations (including Westfield Carindale) is awarded a $20,000 grant for 
the organisation or group they represent, and the two other finalists receive a $5,000 grant for their organisation or group.
During the Financial Year, the three Westfield Carindale finalists represented a cross section of social issues and 
opportunities across the local community, with the Westfield Carindale hero, Jeff Kruger, recognised for his work with 
Men’s Walk & Talk, which encourages men to support each other in a healthy environment. The two other finalists were 
recognised for their work in connection with providing support for women and children to rebuild their lives after family 
and domestic violence, and in helping children feel good about themselves.
3.2 Talent
Scentre Group recognises that its success comes from its people. The Group is committed to delivering an employee 
experience key to the Group’s People Vision to be the place where talent thrives.
While neither the Trust nor the Responsible Entity have any employees, Scentre Group’s aspiration for its people 
extends to all employees including those undertaking work for the Trust and working at Westfield Carindale.
3.3 Environmental impact
As part of its objective to operate as a responsible and sustainable business, Scentre Group is committed to having 
efficient and resilient assets, including Westfield Carindale. Climate scenario analysis for Westfield Carindale was 
refreshed in 2022 to align with the updated scenarios outlined in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s 
(IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report (AR6). Two scenarios were developed for potential warming outcomes of 1.5 degrees 
and greater than 3.5 degrees. 
Westfield Carindale has a strategic asset plan, which reflects the long term vision for the asset and sets out upgrades 
and capital budget. 
As part of the asset management documentation, there is also an environmental action plan for Westfield Carindale 
which monitors energy, water and waste usage monthly to review performance.
A climate change adaption plan is currently being prepared for Westfield Carindale. The plan will assess any material 
physical climate risks which will be incorporated into the strategic asset plan for the centre.
From January 2025, Westfield Carindale will be powered by entirely renewable sources for all scope 2 emissions under 
the arrangement with Clean Co.34
Carindale Property Trust  |  2024 Annual Financial Report