=== Page 4 ===
Message from the Chair
In 2025, Challenger celebrates 40 years of serving our customers.
In this milestone year, the need and opportunity to deliver on our 
purpose and provide Australians with financial security for a better 
retirement is greater than ever. 
Australia has built a world class accumulation savings system 
that has made saving for a financially secure retirement a 
reality for all. Government, regulators and the broader industry 
are now focused on the next stage – developing a retirement 
income system that can provide the millions of Australians entering 
retirement over the coming decade with financial confidence 
to live their best retirement. 
The regulatory reform underway will provide the framework for 
more Australians to access quality, affordable retirement advice, 
and choose from a broader range of appropriate retirement 
products. Work to amend Australia’s capital settings for annuity 
products is also a significant step forward, and will contribute to 
a larger, more attractive lifetime income market that helps ensure 
guaranteed income becomes an integral part of the retirement 
process. As I wrote last year, the focus must now be on completing 
this important reform agenda. 
As Australia’s leading retirement income brand, Challenger has a 
key role to play in the growing market, harnessing our expertise 
to deliver better retirement outcomes for even more Australians.
Strong shareholder outcomes 
The Challenger Board is focused on delivering strong and 
sustainable shareholder outcomes.
This year, the business recorded a strong performance and 
delivered against its targets. Normalised net profit after tax 
increased 9% to $456 million and was in-line with our earnings 
guidance. Normalised return on equity (ROE) also increased 
to 11.8% which exceeded the ROE target. This result reflects 
Challenger’s focus on executing its strategy, as well as actions 
taken to simplify our business.
Challenger remains a well capitalised business with $1.7 billion 
excess capital, which provides financial flexibility and will support 
future growth.
Given Challenger’s financial performance, our strong capital 
position and confidence in the business’ growth strategy, the 
Board determined a full-year dividend of 29.5 cents per share, 
up 11% on last year.
Corporate governance 
Challenger is committed to maintaining a comprehensive and 
diverse mix of experience and industry knowledge across the 
Board to effectively oversee the Challenger business today and 
into the future. 
We are delighted to have John Somerville and David Whittle join 
the Challenger Board this year, whose experience will further 
expand and strengthen the Board’s skillset. JoAnne Stephenson 
also retired from the Board after over a decade, and I would like 
to thank her for her enormous contribution and exemplary service. 
Challenger was pleased to welcome TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia 
as a strategic shareholder in our business and we look forward 
to building a relationship that will benefit our customers 
and shareholders.Our strategic reinsurance relationship with MS Primary, a subsidiary 
of MS&AD, that’s been in place since 2016 has created significant 
shared value and we are pleased that this will continue, with our 
reinsurance partnership renewed for a further five years last year.
Challenger recognises the many benefits of fostering a 
growth -orientated, inclusive and diverse workforce. In 2025, 
Challenger achieved its diversity targets across the business, 
including Board and management. 
The Board is acutely aware of ensuring that our reward framework 
is closely aligned to the shareholder experience and that reward 
outcomes reflect the business’ performance. As at 30 June 2025, 
Challenger’s total shareholder return outcome over the 5 year 
period was 89.66%, which was a strong performance above the 
ASX 200 Accumulation Index Movement. Short-term incentives this 
year reflect our business’ strong result and progress in executing 
our strategy. Long term incentives (LTIs) granted in 2020 vested 
in 2024 for the first time in six years, demonstrating alignment of 
shareholder outcomes and an executive’s realised reward over the 
performance period. We also anticipate that LTIs granted in 2021 
will vest in September 2025. The Board is satisfied that the updates 
embedded in our reward framework over recent years effectively 
motivate and incentivise our executives to drive growth and build 
a growth-focused and risk-aware culture. 
Sustainability 
Ensuring a strong, sustainable business is crucial to our long-term 
success and the promises we make to our customers. 
Our 2025 Sustainability Report outlines the business’ continued 
progress in addressing environmental, social and governance risks and 
opportunities, with a particular focus on climate change. This includes 
achieving net zero across our Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the first 
time and developing a climate risk work program as the business 
prepares for Australia’s mandatory climate disclosures regime. 
This year, our business continued to advocate for reforms and 
policy settings that contribute to a resilient and growing retirement 
income system. More broadly, we support a range of organisations 
that make a positive impact on local communities. 
Challenger is a strong, well capitalised business that has made 
significant progress in executing its growth strategy throughout 2025. 
Looking ahead, we are confident in our business’ outlook and 
the role that we can play in providing more retirees with financial 
confidence. The coming year will see Challenger build on the 
foundational work undertaken in 2025 and deliver on its significant 
work program. This will position the business to deliver growth and 
shareholder value. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Challenger’s 
employees – who are the bedrock of our business – for their hard 
work and dedication to delivering on our purpose. Finally, thank 
you to our customers and shareholders for your continued support. 
Duncan West  
Independent Non -Executive  
Director and Chair2
2025 Annual Report Challenger Limited

=== Page 30 ===
Progressing our ESG journey
In FY25, Challenger 
continued to make progress 
in addressing our most 
significant environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
risks and opportunities 
across the four pillars of our 
sustainability  strategy.Climate risk work  program
We implemented a cross -functional climate 
risk work program to deliver Challenger’s 
climate risk and opportunities framework. 
This will inform our longer -term ESG 
priorities and strategy and reflects our 
commitment to meeting client and 
community expectations. The program 
will also help strengthen our sustainability 
disclosures as we prepare for Australia’s 
mandatory climate disclosure regime.
Operational emissions  
reduction  plan
We recognise our operational 
impact on the environment 
and achieved net zero across 
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
for the first time.28
2025 Annual Report Challenger Limited

=== Page 36 ===
Challenger Life Company (CLC)
CLC manages a diverse investment portfolio across 
fixed income, real estate, alternatives, equity 
and infrastructure that utilises both internal and 
external managers.
Where CLC makes a direct investment, it identifies material 
ESG factors relevant to the opportunity and will engage with 
the company to discuss and gain further insight into their ESG 
processes. This approach aims to reduce the risk of the underlying 
investment and ultimately improve investment outcomes.
CLC may not proceed with an investment where ESG risks are 
deemed to be high and will divest from investments that fall 
outside its risk appetite.
CLC conducts a thorough ESG due diligence process for potential 
third-party investment managers and considers:
 –ESG policy, governance and capabilities 
 –Responsible Investment and Stewardship policies 
 –Confirmation that the Manager is, or intends, to become a 
signatory to the PRI.
Third -party investment managers are also expected to demonstrate 
an acceptable level of commitment to managing ESG risks 
and opportunities, including adherence to the PRI principles, 
consideration of climate -related risks and opportunities, and 
management of modern slavery risks.
The Grove – natural gas removal from 
common areas and NABERS improvement
In FY25, CLC implemented a decarbonisation initiative at 
The Grove Shopping Centre in South Australia, targeting the 
removal of natural gas from all common areas to enhance the 
asset’s environmental performance.
Key actions included:
 –Decommissioning gas boilers connected with common 
areas with minimal impact on temperature control
 –Redesigning the food court fireplace, replacing it with a 
seasonal digital display – featuring a virtual aquarium in 
summer and a log fire in winter.
 –Removing gas metering from common areas to streamline 
energy use.Challenger IM – Fixed  Income 
Challenger IM adopts a thorough and robust approach 
to incorporating ESG assessments in its investment 
process. Challenger IM believes that integrating 
ESG assessments into decision -making can improve 
financial outcomes for investors, reduce risk and 
promote more sustainable business practices.
Challenger IM operates as both a lender and an investor in the 
credit markets. As an investor, Challenger IM applies a relative value 
approach, integrating ESG risk factors into its pricing and valuation 
considerations. As a lender, it prioritises direct engagement with 
borrowers to mitigate ESG risks.
ESG issues are assessed using Challenger IM’s ESG Key Issues 
Matrix, which identifies the most relevant risks across portfolios. 
Recognising that ESG risks evolve, the matrix is periodically 
updated. Given the unique characteristics of each investment, 
Challenger IM applies a bottom -up approach to assess the 
materiality of ESG risks on a deal -by-deal basis.
Challenger IM determines materiality by considering which ESG 
risks and opportunities the industry is most exposed to, as well 
as any ESG risks and opportunities specific to the issuer itself. 
Challenger IM consider the materiality of these risks in the 
context of:
 –their impact on the sustainability of the business
 –their ability to refinance; and
 –the risk of default
Challenger IM’s proprietary ESG risk rating framework evaluates 
material ESG factors for each potential investment. This assessment 
is integrated into the investment process and informs pricing, risk 
layering, and engagement strategies.
Supporting the circular economy 
In FY25, Challenger IM invested in a leading manufacturer 
of rigid plastics and provider of sustainable packaging 
solutions (Company). In FY24, the Company achieved a 10% 
improvement in its recycling operations, processing over 
50,000 tonnes of recycled material, along with a significant 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions across its operations in 
Australia and New Zealand. 
Recognising the growing importance and opportunity 
presented by the circular economy against the backdrop global 
decarbonisation efforts, Challenger IM assigned the Company 
an ESG+ rating for its environmental focus and tangible 
impact on emissions reductions. This rating reflects the view 
that companies with sustainable business practices are better 
positioned to manage environmental risks, which in Challenger 
IM’s view translates to lower long -term credit risk.Responsible investment continued34
2025 Annual Report Challenger Limited

=== Page 39 ===
Governance
The Board’s oversight of 
climate issues
At Challenger, good corporate governance 
comes from the top. The Board guides 
our strategic direction and endorses 
key policies and frameworks to assist 
management in delivering results for 
our stakeholders. The Board ensures 
appropriate governance and oversight in 
the management of our business. This 
includes the management of ESG and 
sustainability risks, including climate risks 
and opportunities that are material to 
our business model and value chain, with 
oversight provided by the Group Risk 
Committee (GRC). 
Board committees and 
management functions with 
climate‑related responsibilities 
Challenger’s Board is responsible, in 
conjunction with senior management, for 
the management of risks associated with 
the business and implementing structures 
and policies to adequately monitor and 
manage these risks.Challenger’s governance structure for overseeing  
climate‑related risks and opportunities
SHAREHOLDERS
Approves Challenger’s sustainability strategy, ensuring that focus aligns with
the overall business strategy and stakeholder expectationsCEO AND LEADERSHIP TEAM
Governance and oversight of the
implementation of Challenger's climate
risk and opportunities frameworkESG STEERING COMMITTEE
Provides oversight of
Challenger's management
of assets and liabilitiesASSET AND LIABILITY COMMITTEEActs on behalf of shareholders and oversees the overall direction,
management and corporate governance of ChallengerCHALLENGER LIMITED BOARD
Oversight of risk
management
frameworkGROUP RISK
COMMITTEE
Assists the Board
achieve effective
composition and sizeNOMINATION
COMMITTEE
Oversight of people
and remuneration
policies and practicesGROUP PEOPLE &
REMUNERATION
COMMITTEE
Oversight
of reporting
requirementsGROUP AUDIT
COMMITTEE
CLIMATE RISK WORKING GROUP
Cross- functional group responsible for implementing work program
to align the with the mandatory climate disclosure frameworkCross -functional 
climate risk project
established to deliver 
Challenger’s climate risk  and 
opportunities  framework
Qualitative  
scenario  analysis
completed against two scenarios 
and material climate risks and 
opportunities identified
Net zero across  
Scope  1 and  2 operational 
emissions in FY25Challenger recognises climate change as a defining 
challenge of our time, one that presents both risks 
and opportunities across the economy. As an investor 
and fiduciary, we are committed to managing 
climate -related risks, building a sustainable business 
that delivers long -term value for our shareholders and 
customers, while playing our part in the transition to a 
sustainable future.
As Australia’s regulatory landscape evolves, we remain committed 
to transparent and credible climate disclosures. Our FY26 
Climate Report will detail the financial impacts of material 
climate risks and opportunities across our operations and 
investment portfolios, in alignment with Australia’s mandatory 
climate disclosure regime, including the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standard (AASB S2).Climate37
About OFR Governance Sustainability Directors’ report Financial report Further information