=== Page 6 ===
FY25 highlights
Net Zero 
In FY25 we achieved a 77% reduction 
in net Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions1 
from our FY17 baseline.
From 1 July 2025 our whole platform 
will operate at Net Zero through 
existing onsite solar and renewable 
electricity contracts, as well as secured 
nature -based offsets. Renewable energy
From 1 July our whole platform will 
operate at 100% renewable energy 
supply in assets under operational 
control. 86MW rooftop solar was 
installed, an 8% increase from FY24.
Onsite battery storage increased to 
32.7MWh from 12.5MWh in FY24.Nature-based offsets 
Nature-based carbon offsets 
(9% of total Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions) enabled us to achieve our 
Net Zero target. Delivering economic 
benefits for Aboriginal & Torres Strait 
Islander  communities. Scope 3 emissions 
80% of the onsite solar across the 
Group supplied tenants with clean 
energy, reducing our downstream 
Scope 3 emissions. This reflects 
a 3% increase in solar energy 
generation  compared to FY24.Circular economy
Achieved 48% waste diversion from 
landfill across Office and Shopping 
Centre Retail sites under operational 
control. While this fell 2% short of target, 
it represents a 19% increase over the 
past four years. 
High performance 
90% employee engagement score, nine 
points above the Australian norm, with a 
96% participation rate. 
Alignment to strategy underpins 
our culture, with 96% of our people 
understanding Charter Hall’s strategy 
and their role in it.
Total employee turnover for the Group 
decreased this year, and 10% of our 
people were promoted or given formal 
career opportunities. First Nations 
Progressed our Innovate Reconciliation 
Action Plan commitments, focused on 
economic empowerment through our 
value chain. 
Selected Bandu Organisation as 
our New South Wales Community 
Investment partner to expand our 
education and employment pathways, 
complimenting our existing Good 
Start Early Learning Fund and 
WSU Scholarship program. Supporting vulnerable 
young Australians 
Provided 20 vulnerable families 
with access to fee-free learning, 
in partnership with the Good Start 
Early Learning Fund. Additionally, 
committed $50,000 to Detour 
House to support housing costs for 
12 to 17 year old women in need of 
crisis  accommodation.Disaster relief and 
recovery 
Invested in recruiting and training 
130 skilled volunteers, enabling the 
Red Cross to proactively respond to 
Cyclone Alfred and provide immediate 
community relief. 
Funded resilience and long-term relief 
programs in 39 communities through 
the Foundation for Rural & Regional 
Renewal since the 2020 bushfires.Volunteering and 
employment pathways
>2,900 hours contributed in community 
volunteering.
Created 228 employment outcomes for 
vulnerable young Australians through 
our state employment partners. 
GRESB leadership 
Recognised as peer group leaders 
across three funds, with 18 of 27 
participating funds in the top 20% of the 
GRESB benchmark. 
All listed entities achieved ‘A’ ranking 
under GRESB Public Disclosure. 
Maintained ‘AA’ MSCI rating and 
‘Negligible Risk’ classification under 
Sustainalytics.Largest green footprint 
Maintained Australia’s largest footprint 
of independently rated green space, 
with 8.9 million square metres.
Targeting a 4 star Green Star 
Performance rating for Fairlight 
Childcare facility, Australia’s first 
Green Star Performance rating for 
childcare  facilities.Sustainable finance 
$8.1bn in sustainable finance across 
the platform, leveraging the Group’s 
independent sustainability ratings at the 
asset and fund level.
Award-winning $3.35bn sustainable 
loan facility secured for Charter Hall 
Prime Office Fund, reflecting progress 
towards integrating sustainability 
into operations. Responsible supply 
chain 
Actively mitigated modern slavery risk 
in operations and supply-chains. 
Updated modern slavery training 
for all employees, and continued 
industry collaboration to support 
knowledge  sharing. 
>$3.7 million spent with social 
enterprises, a 41% increase on FY24.Beyond 2025 targets
Worked with our senior leadership and 
Board to set updated environmental 
performance targets for the next phase 
of growth, focused on decarbonisation, 
installed solar and operational, 
construction and demolition waste. Social
GovernanceEnvironment
1. Our Net Zero target applies to Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall under the operational control of responsible entities for which Charter Hall Limited is the controlling corporation.6 Charter Hall Group Sustainability Report 2025 Results Introduction Performance Charter Hall Group Approach Disclosure Contact

=== Page 7 ===
Chair and Managing 
Director & Group 
CEO  Message
In the 20 years since Charter Hall publicly listed, 
our decisions about people, the environment and 
communities have been guided by long-term values 
over short-term trends. These values have shaped our 
culture, our strategy and our relationships – and they 
continue to anchor us through changing conditions, 
including those we navigated in FY25. 
Last year brought its share of challenges. The economic environment 
remained demanding, with higher costs, volatile international trading 
conditions and ongoing geopolitical uncertainty. At the same time, global 
sentiment around sustainability shifted. Governments recalibrated, science 
evolved and reporting requirements became more rigorous. The year also 
brought new opportunities to invest in sustainability, enhance transparency 
and unlock value.  Five years of progress 
Five years ago, we set our first sustainability targets. Since then, we’ve 
accelerated many of them, achieving our targets ahead of schedule, and 
deepening our impact. 
We’ve gained valuable insights along the way, as we focused on learning, 
listening and building a data-informed foundation. That work has delivered 
results across multiple fronts – outlined below and explored more fully later 
in this report.
Net Zero
In FY25, we achieved a 77% reduction in net Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
from FY17 baseline. Our Office and Industrial & Logistics sectors maintained 
Net Zero in operations, driven by energy efficiency, electrification, renewable 
electricity and offsetting residual emissions with high-integrity nature-
based Australian Carbon Credit Units. From 1 July 2025, our entire platform 
will operate as Net Zero, supported by onsite solar, renewable electricity 
contracts and secured offsets.
100% renewable electricity 
Our ENGIE market-linked renewable power purchase agreement and other 
contracts now supply 100% renewable electricity for 80% of electricity 
consumption in assets under operational control. From 1 July our Shopping 
Centre Retail assets will operate 100% powered by renewable electricity 
from already installed solar PV systems and leveraging our platform wide grid 
supplied electricity contracts. Onsite solar has increased to 86MW, with 80% 
of clean energy generated supplied directly to tenant customers, reducing 
operating costs and mitigating tenant emissions, representing a 6% increase 
compared to last year. 
High performance culture
Our Engagement & Culture Survey saw a 96% response rate, with a 
Group engagement score of 90% and a wellbeing score of 89% – both 
outperforming high-performance norms. Inclusion remains central to 
our culture. For us, it means ensuring our people feel a genuine sense of 
belonging and are valued, regardless of how long they’ve been with the 
Group. We believe exceptional performance stems from that foundation, 
and it’s reflected in our results. We’re proud to again be recognised with 
Silver in the Pride in Diversity Australian Workplace Equality Index. Total 
turnover decreased, 10% of our people were promoted or offered formal 
career opportunities, and we saw the highest number of returning alumni 
ever recorded.
Community impact
We made significant progress on our Stage Two: Innovate Reconciliation 
Action Plan – securing nature-based offsets from Aboriginal & Torres Strait 
Islander projects, selecting Bandu as our NSW Community Investment 
Partner, and deepening our engagement with Indigenous businesses. In 
line with our Pledge 1% commitment, we invested $1.43 million in unlocking 
employment and learning pathways for vulnerable young Australians, 
alongside supporting communities impacted by the accelerated impacts of 
natural disaster and hardship. Our social procurement reached $3.7 million, 
generating an estimated 5x return in community benefit. Our people 
contributed over 2,900 volunteering hours.Evolving our targets, expanding our impact
This year, we finalised our environmental performance targets beyond 2025, 
aligning with stakeholder priorities and preparing for the next phase of 
growth. Many targets focus on maintaining high performance, but in a period 
of expansion, that’s a bold ambition. As our platform grows in floor space, 
tenant diversity and operational complexity, holding the line means scaling 
our impact, not just our footprint.
Circularity and nature are our next frontier. We know we’re at the beginning, 
but we’re ready. Our strategy is evolving to include deeper engagement 
with biodiversity, materials reuse and nature-based solutions. We’re also 
preparing for rising compliance costs and more rigorous reporting standards, 
not just as obligations, but as opportunities to strengthen trust, sharpen 
performance and lead with transparency.
We’ve always anchored our strategy in the science, with 1.5°C 
aligned targets, despite this level being exceeded globally in the year. 
Our conservative approach takes a long term view. As global consensus 
shifts, our approach remains credible and resilient. And while our vision holds 
steady, we remain responsive – our targets may flex as we continue to listen 
to our customers and broader trends.
As our strategy evolves, so too does the way we measure and communicate 
progress. Our targets are underpinned by rigorous benchmarking, 
transparent disclosures and independent verification. We use best-in-
class rating tools to measure progress, sharpen performance and drive 
environmental outcomes – across 8.9 million square metres of rated assets, 
the largest footprint of its kind in Australia.
By integrating our approach to sustainability into everything we do – from 
emissions data to asset ratings – we’ve unlocked access to sustainable 
finance and strengthened our ability to invest in future-ready developments. 
Our sustainable finance platform now stands at $8.1 billion, representing 
27% of total platform debt – one of the largest in Australian property. In a 
competitive funding environment, this credibility enables us to move with 
confidence, partner with purpose and generate value.
Partnering for the future 
FY25 was always going to be a milestone year for us in terms of our ESG 
goals. For the most part, we are where we expected to be. We will continue 
to apply our operating model and scale to serve our customers, support our 
people and create positive outcomes for the climate and communities.
Thank you to all our stakeholders for your ongoing support and partnership. 
Together, we will ensure that sustainability remains a priority and a tangible 
way for us to deliver mutual success and enduring impact.
David Harrison  
Managing Director & Group CEO Stephen Conry AM  
Chair
7 Charter Hall Group Sustainability Report 2025 Results Introduction Performance Charter Hall Group Approach Disclosure Contact

=== Page 9 ===
Beyond 2025 targets 
This year, we have worked with our 
senior leadership and Board to set 
environmental performance targets 
that align with the next phase of 
business growth. 
These targets take into consideration current and 
emerging global standards, stakeholder expectations, 
the requirements of Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standards, and are informed by material topics, 
climate -related risks and emerging frameworks such as 
the Australian Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. We have 
work to do across our business to mature our approach 
to circularity, nature and measured social impact - this 
work will inform future performance targets. 
Our active portfolio operates at scale, which means that 
achieving and maintaining our targets is significant in 
itself. Since FY17, our baseline year, we have achieved 
a 77% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions, despite a 72% increase in floor area in the 
same period. Additionally, we have almost doubled the 
number of properties to 1,610.Stakeholder interests
Our targets also align with the priorities and interests 
of our investor and partner communities. In the past 12 
months, 47% of the ESG questions we have fielded from 
investors have related to Net Zero and climate change 
initiatives. By tracking these engagements, we are able 
to ensure alignment between the most material ESG 
issues for our business and stakeholders.
Data driven insights 
We continue to strengthen the quality of our ESG data 
and apply independent green ratings to benchmark 
and establish improvement plans at the asset level. This 
supports business case development for sustainability 
related investments at our assets and has provided a 
strong foundation for target and goal setting. At the 
same time, it has enabled us to re-examine and, in the 
case of waste, re-assess what is realistic. 
Until now, our target for waste was a 75% diversion 
of operational waste to landfill by 2030. That target 
has now been revised down to 60% because of 
what we now know through the measures we have in place on the ground, and because that commitment 
remains dependent on behaviours that are beyond our 
operational control.
Guiding principles
In setting our targets we established a framework that 
defines what we can manage today and where we have 
opportunities to partner in the future, aligned with four 
key principles.
 –Ambitious but achievable.
 –Relevant to the sectors that we operate in, 
addressing material impacts, risks and opportunities.
 –Based on sound rationale and delivering measurable, 
verifiable outcomes. Performance will be comparable 
to a baseline with verifiable improvements and 
outcomes that can be assured.
 –Limited dependence on others, because these may 
involve unknown and uncontrollable contingencies. 
Available data sets are used to test plausible shifts 
in systems and to inform our strategy and risk 
management approach. Three levels of influence
Our targets were tested against three levels of influence 
that form the basis for our reporting boundaries.
 –Accountable:  these impacts should be disclosed 
and targets should be set.
 –Partner: these are impacts we influence through 
the products and services we provide, and we 
take an active role in partnering to reduce these 
impacts. We actively partner on initiatives such as 
solar installations on buildings we do not control 
to help reduce emissions and achieve shared 
ESG outcomes.
 –Advocate: here, we have no direct relationship to 
impacts but we can improve strategic resilience and 
broader society outcomes by raising awareness and 
advocating for change.
Our updated targets can be found from the 
following  page.
FUM and property portfolio growth
02004006008001,0001,2001,4001,6001,800
$0$10$20$30$40$50$60$70$80
FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25($bn)
No of Properties Portfolio FUM Accelerated investment in renewables
050,000100,000150,000200,000250,000300,000
FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25
onsite renewable electricity 
offsite renewable electricity (MWh)Actively managed emissions reduction
Abated Emissions - Onsite GenerationAbated Emissions - Compliance Abated Emissions - Voluntary 
Abated Emissions - OffsetsScope 1 - Net Scope 2 - Market-Based Net Emissions Intensity-100.00-80.00-60.00-40.00-20.00 - 20.00 40.00 60.00 80.00 100.00
-150,000-100,000-50,000 - 50,000 100,000 150,000
FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25
Emissions Intensity Abated Emissions  Net Emissions(tCO2e) (kgCO2e/sqm) How we got here
Over five years, we’ve embedded our Net Zero strategy, 
brought forward our original 2030 targets and invested 
in onsite and grid supplied renewable contracts to 
supply 100% renewable electricity across our portfolio, 
culminating in full coverage of assets under operational 
control. Maintaining Net Zero as we enter our next 
phase of growth will require continued discipline: testing 
acquisitions, refining design requirements and aligning 
asset planning with our decarbonisation objectives. 
We’ll also revisit existing contracts and processes to 
ensure they support our evolving ambitions.9 Charter Hall Group Sustainability Report 2025 Performance Introduction Results Charter Hall Group Approach Disclosure Contact