=== Page 11 ===
69 STUDLEY COURT, DERRIMUT VICCenturia Industrial REIT         Centuria Industrial REIT
20 21Governance and sustainability
As an externally managed REIT, CIP has no staff and 
is solely a portfolio of assets. The REIT is managed by 
Centuria Capital Group and aligns itself to Centuria’s 
sustainability framework. A number of key CIP-specific  
ESG initiatives include:
• Targeting zero scope 2 emissions by 20281
• Continued partnership between CIP and Healthy Heads
• GRESB participation with results expected in September 
2025
• Targeting a portfolio-wide Green Star performance v2.0 
rating
• Developments underway target 5 star Green Star Design 
and As Built v1 ratings
• 50% female representation on CPF2L’s Board 
Summary and outlook
CIP is well positioned to harness the strong market 
fundamentals for Australian urban infill industrial 
markets. Vacancy rates remain very low, while supply 
is constrained. Coupled with the ongoing industry 
tailwinds, most notably population growth and increasing 
e-commerce adoption, the outlook for growth over the 
medium term is compelling. 
CIP continues to generate strong income growth and 
re-leasing spreads, maintaining significant under-renting 
that is yet to be realised. As CIP approaches a potentially 
lower interest rate and debt cost environment, we expect 
this will begin to have a more meaningful impact on CIP’s 
earnings in the coming periods. 
Yours sincerely,
Roger Dobson
CHAIRMANGrant Nichols
FUND MANAGER
1. CIP will account for zero Scope 2 emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable 
electricity through a combination of on-site solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which  
match our consumption.

=== Page 21 ===
1. CIP will account for zero scope 2 emissions by  
being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable 
electricity through a combination of on-site solar and 
large scale generation certificate deals which match  
our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to  
scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall under  
the operational control of CIP .  
2. CPF2L is the Responsible Entity Board for CIP .  
3. 5 star Green Star Buildings v1 targeted for 13-19  
Caribou Drive, Direk Vic and 50-64 Mirage Road,  
Direk Vic.Targeting zero scope 2 
emissions1 by 2028.
Centuria raised c.$500k for  
community groups and charities  
and spent c.$280k with certified  
social enterprises.
90% of Centuria employees are  
proud to work at Centuria
50% female representation on  
CIP Board2
Targeting portfolio-wide Green  
Star Performance v2.0 rating
c.2,200 courses completed by 
Centuria staff across compliance 
competencies, risk and safety.GRESB participation with results 
expected in October 2025Climate Change
(Environment)
Valued  
Stakeholders
(Social)
Responsible Business  
Practices (Governance)
Developments underway 
targeting 5 star Green  
Star ratings3FY25  
ESG highlightsOur memberships 
and industry 
participation
Member of the Diversity 
Council of Australia
Ongoing support of 
Healthy Heads
Member of the Green 
Building Council of 
Australia
Supported the NABERS 
Warehouse and Cold 
Stores Accelerate 
Program
Member of the Property 
Council of Australia
95-105 SOUTH GIPPSLAND HIGHWAY, DANDENONG SOUTH VIC
41 40    Centuria Industrial REIT Centuria Industrial REIT