=== Table 1 (page 14) ===
2.3 OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY & AMBITIONS,
We published our first 2030 Ambition Statement in last year’s,While in principle we have set targets that we believe are
"report, which, though mostly qualitative, reflected our","achievable, with effort, for some targets this requires efforts"
"aspirations and commitment to sustainability. This year, we built",beyond our direct sphere of control. This particularly relates to
on that foundation by making our ambitions more concrete and,"achieving our Australian waste diversion target, which requires"
"quantitative, based on our current results and plans as well as",solving several infrastructural complexities together with our waste
industry benchmarks.,collection partners.
While we support the concept of a transition to a Net Zero,"As part of a franchise network, we do not have full control over"
"economy, this year’s assessments have led us to revise our","all sustainability-related topics (such as packaging, sourcing of"
emissions reduction ambition to better reflect the current status of,"core products, and our menu offering – as these are provided"
our strategy. As we intend to continue growing our business and,"by our Franchisor Yum! Brands). For these areas, we align with"
"number of restaurants in coming years, we foresee purchasing","Yum! Brands’ 2030 ambitions, which are indicated with a Yum!"
green energy in addition to the solar power generated by our,Brands’ logo in the accompanying visual.
own panels to reduce absolute emissions in our operations.  We,
plan to continue building on our climate data maturity - including,
scope 3 data - to better understand potential levers and solutions,
for limiting and reducing our total carbon footprint. As our climate,
"transition plan matures, we will reassess the possibilities for aligning",
our emissions reduction to a Net Zero pathway.,

=== Table 2 (page 15) ===
"ENVIRONME
ON",ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION,
,FY25 key initiatives,2030 Medium term ambitions
Climate change,"–
Sustainable design in 65 new builds & remodels","–
Reduce our scope 1 + 2 emissions by"
,"–
Launched Zinger Veggie in the Netherlands",30% compared to 2025 levels
,"–
Supplier climate targets in place",
Waste & resource use,"–
Trialled organic waste collection in WA","–
Reduce and maintain our operational food waste"
,"–
Food waste outlier program",at <2%
,"–
Back of House diversion push","–
30% of total waste diverted"
,"–
Transitioning off single-use plastics","–
100% recoverable plastic packaging"
Biodiversity,"–
Soy de-forestation assessment",– Working with our franchisor Yum! Brands in striving
,,to end natural forest loss and degradation by
,"–
Biodiversity risk assessment",
,,2030
Animal welfare,"–
100% of suppliers audited",– Continuous improvement of standards
,,in supply chain
,– Continued with Better Life chicken,
,,"–
100% cage free eggs globally"
,"–
100% cage free eggs in Europe",

=== Table 3 (page 17) ===
As a business operating nearly 400 restaurants and selling,The visual below shows the high-level break down of our
"significant volumes of agricultural commodities, our emissions",emissions footprint. We currently estimate that ~ 80% of our
"footprint is substantial. Simultaneously, our business model","total emissions fall within Scope 3, primarily driven by emissions"
is highly dependent on a resilient food system – one that is,associated with food ingredients and their agricultural supply
increasingly impacted by the effects of climate change. As,chains. Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions are predominantly driven
we begin to see more frequent and severe weather patterns,by energy use in our restaurants. This chapter outlines our
"and events, we anticipate increased risks for our business, such","climate-related actions taken this year, our results, and actions"
as damage to our restaurants and supply chain disruptions.,we plan to take next year and beyond.
"Minimising our carbon footprint, while mitigating and adapting",

=== Table 4 (page 19) ===
Supply chain emissions: As sourcing of most of our suppliers,Climate risk assessment: We conducted an initial climate risk
"is coordinated by our franchisor Yum! Brands, our efforts to",and opportunity assessment this year to inform our transition
"reduce Scope 3 emissions focus on collaboration with partners,",plan and risk management in coming years. A climate scenario
"suppliers, and other stakeholders to align on climate goals,","analysis is currently underway, as well as more extensive physical"
cross-industry collaboration on pilot programs and joint ways to,"risk modelling, to provide us with a better understanding of"
monitor progress. Progress in our supply chain thus far includes,our exposure to potential natural catastrophies and weather
"emission reduction targets for all our chicken suppliers, as well as",events that may disrupt our operations. The table shows our
"the use of solar panels and LED lighting across supplier facilities,",preliminary list of climate risks and opportunities currently
and a trial of an electric truck with one of KFC’s chicken,identified. In FY26 we will further mature this list by including
suppliers. In Yum! Brands’ upstream supply chain there has been,"quantifications in alignment with ASRS requirements, with current"
a 6% reduction in protein-related emissions per metric tonne of,assessments underway.
"beef, poultry, dairy and packaging achieved since 20191. As we",

=== Table 5 (page 20) ===
INVENTORY OF SCOPE 1 + 2 EMISSIONS,,,,,,
,,FY24,,,FY25,
,Australia,Europe,Group,Australia,Europe,Group
,306,75,381,314 4,78,392
No. of Restaurants (ORE1),(301.6 ORE 1),(73 ORE 1),(374.6 ORE 1),(310.6 ORE 1),(75.4 ORE 1),(385.9 ORE 1)
Total Scope 1 emissions (tonnes CO2-e),"4,425","1,561","5,986","4,262","1,587","5,849"
FY24 methodology total Scope 2 emissions,,,,,,
(tonnes CO2-e),"60,731","9,356","70,088",n/a,n/a,n/a
Total location-based Scope 2 emissions,,,,,,
(tonnes CO2-e),"62,153 6","7,977 6","70,130 6","62,508","6,813","69,321"
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (tonnes CO2-e),"66,578 6","9,538 6","76,116 6","66,770","8,400","75,170"
"Average emissions per ORE1,7 (tonnes CO2-e)2",221 6,131 6,203 6,215,111,195
Total energy consumption (GJ),"372,438 6","92,875 5","465,313 5,6","383,627","95,022","478,649"
Average energy consumption per ORE (GJ)3,"1,235 6","1,272 6","1,242 6","1,235","1,260","1,240"

=== Table 6 (page 48) ===
Independent Limited Assurance Report on identified Subject Matter
Information in Collins Foods Limited’s Sustainability Report 2025
To the Board of Directors of Collins Foods Limited
The Board of Directors of Collins Foods Limited engaged us to perform an independent limited
assurance engagement in respect of the identified Subject Matter Information listed below in Collins
Food Limited’s Sustainability Report 2025 for the period 29 April 2024 to 27 April 2025 (the ‘Subject
Matter Information’).
Subject Matter Information and Criteria
The Subject Matter Information and the Criteria are as set out in the table below:
"Criteria  
Subject Matter Information"
"Total Group Scope 1 GHG emissions (tonnes 
The criteria used by Collins Foods Limited to"
"CO2-e) (5,849 tonnes CO2-e) 
prepare the Subject Matter Information is set"
out in the ‘Basis of Preparation’ presented on
Total Group Location-based Scope 2 GHG
pages 50 to 53 of Collins Foods Limited’s
"emissions (tonnes CO2-e) (69,321 tonnes"
Sustainability Report 2025.
CO2-e)
Total Group Waste Diversion rate %
(22.88%)
"T
he maintenance and integrity of Collins Foods Limited’s website is the responsibility of the Collins"
Foods Limited management; the work carried out by us does not involve consideration of these
"matters and, accordingly, we accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the"
reported Subject Matter Information or Criteria when presented on Collins Foods Limited’s website.
Our assurance conclusion is with respect to the reporting period 29 April 2024 to 27 April 2025 and
"does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in, or"
"linked from, the Collins Foods Limited Sustainability Report 2025 including any images, audio files or"
videos.
Responsibilities of Collins Foods Limited management
Collins Foods Limited management (Management) is responsible for the preparation of the Subject
Matter Information in accordance with the Criteria. This responsibility includes:
"• 
determining appropriate reporting topics and selecting or establishing suitable criteria for"

=== Table 7 (page 49) ===
express a reasonable assurance opinion.,
In carrying out our limited assurance engagement we:,
•,made inquiries of the persons responsible for the Subject Matter Information;
•,obtained an understanding of the process for collecting and reporting the Subject Matter
,Information;
•,performed analytical review procedures over the Subject Matter Information and obtained
,explanations from management regarding unusual or unexpected variations;
•,assessed the appropriateness of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emission factors and methodologies
,"applied in calculating the total scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, and tested the arithmetical accuracy"
,of the GHG emission calculation;

=== Table 8 (page 50) ===
•,reconciled a sample of scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions to relevant underlying records and
,calculations;
•,"reconciled a sample of total solid waste, including waste diverted from landfill and incineration, to"
,relevant underlying supporting documentation and calculations;
•,assessed the appropriateness of any material estimates made in preparing the Subject Matter
,Information;
•,reviewed the Subject Matter Information to assess whether it has been prepared as described in
,the Criteria; and
•,considered the disclosure and presentation of the Subject Matter Information.

=== Table 9 (page 52) ===
estimates have been used where we could not (fully) obtain primary or actual data.,
The metrics in the table are linked to our material topics as selected in our FY25 double materiality assessment. The process and,
"shortlisted topics are outlined in chapter 2 of this report, as well as in Appendix 2.",
Definitions and methodology,
Material topic: Climate change,
We report our carbon footprint in tonnes of CO2-equivalent and in line with the guidelines of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.,
Metric,"Definition, data sources and calculation methodology"
Scope 1 emissions,"Definition: Direct emissions from our owned and controlled sources, which includes our fleet, natural"
(tonnes CO2-e),"gas, liquified petroleum gas (LPG) and refrigerant emissions."
Limited Assurance,Data sources and calculations:
provided by PwC,
,"Fleet: Actual data from our service suppliers. Where actual data was unavailable, fleet activity data"
,has been estimated from a known date range and extrapolated for the reporting period. Emissions
,"from electricity consumed for EV vehicles charged at employees homes, are not included in the data."
,"For the Netherlands and Germany we used the 2024 EPA emission factors, provided by our ESG system"
,Watershed. For Australia we used the National Greenhouse Accounts Factors (NGAs) published by the
,"Department of Climate Change, Energy, Environment and Water."
,Natural gas & LPG: For Australia and the Netherlands periodical meter reading data was used where
,"available. Where this was not available, we used an estimated daily average based on actual"
,consumption from a known date range and extrapolated this for the entire period. Germany: actual
,data was obtained from the calendar year annual invoice and extrapolated to the reporting period.
,"For the Netherlands and Germany we used the 2024 EPA emission factors, provided by our ESG system"
,Watershed. For Australia we used the National Greenhouse Accounts Factors (NGAs) published by the
,"Department of Climate Change, Energy, Environment and Water."
,"Refrigerants: Includes emissions of HFC-134a, R404A, R410A refrigerants from fridges, freezers, burger"
,"benches/cold lines and HVAC units. Other refrigerant assets such as ice machines, crushers and slushie"
,"machines are excluded from the calculation. For both Australia and Europe, the annual consumption"
,of refrigerants has been estimated on the basis of data obtained from two of our service providers
,"responsible for a number representative of our Australian stores, and extrapolated across the remainder"
,of our Australian and European stores. Estimates regarding the number of refrigerant assets and type
,per restaurant in Australia have been made to calculate the refrigerant gas usage per type based on
,actual top-ups from the invoices. The total estimated amount of refilled refrigerants has been divided
,"by 1,000 and converted into tCO2e using AR6 Global Warming Potential (GWP) values, provided"
,"by the IPCC. It is assumed that invoice data is complete and accurate, Australian and European"
,restaurant populations share the same refrigerant factors and types per restaurant.

=== Table 10 (page 53) ===
Definitions and methodology,
Location-based Scope 2,"Definition: Indirect emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity, steam, heating"
emissions (tonnes CO2-e),and cooling by our restaurants and RSCs and offices.
Limited Assurance,Data sources and calculations: Based on the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy
provided by PwC,consumption occur. Most electricity data both in Australia as in Europe is actual data obtained from
,energy consumption monitoring systems and/or invoices. For energy in Australia we use estimates
,"provided by Optima technologies. Where invoice data is unavailable, estimates were included using"
,the same method as specified under Natural Gas.
,We applied the relevant emission factors of the countries where our restaurants are based. For Australia
,these are the NGAs as referenced under fleet data in Scope 1. For restating the FY24 Netherlands data we
,"have used the 2024 location-based (“grid-mix”) Well-to-Wheel emission factors provided by Milieu Centraal,"
,"Stimular, SKAO, Connekt and the central government. For FY24 Germany data we have used the CO2"
,informationsheet published by Federal Funding for Energy and Resource Efficiency in the Economy. For FY25
,"Netherlands and Germany we have used the location-based IEA 2024 emission factors, provided by our"
,ESG system Watershed.
,"The number of restaurants in Australia excludes 2 new restaurants that opened in April 2025, but include KFC"
,Capalaba that was trading the entire year but closed in April 2025.
Scope 2 FY24 reported data,Definition: Indirect emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity by our restaurants
,"in Australia and Europe, excluding the RSCs. Scope 2 emissions are reported net of renewable"
,energy purchases.
,"Data sources and calculations: Data sources and calculations: In Australia, where invoice data is"
,"unavailable, Scope 2 emissions from the consumption of electricity have been estimated using either"
,"a seasonal adjustment based on the same period in prior year, a daily average based on actual"
,"consumption from a known date range, extrapolated for the period where data is unavailable or,"
,"where no data is available, created an estimate based on a restaurant in the same state with similar"
,"sales. In Europe (Netherlands and Germany), most electricity usage data is obtained from energy"
,"consumption monitoring system. When no live data was available, the invoice data was used. If no"
,"actual data was available, an estimate was created based on a restaurant in the same area with"
,similar sales. For the Netherlands we used the 2024 market-based grey power Tank-to-Wheel emission
,"factors provided by Milieu Centraal, Stimular, SKAO, Connekt and the central government. For FY24"
,Germany data the CO2 information sheet published by Federal Funding for Energy and Resource
,Efficiency in the Economy has been used.
Scope 3 emissions,Definition: All other indirect emissions not included in Scope 2 that occur in our upstream or
(tonnes CO2-e),downstream value chain.
,"Data sources and calculations: To date we have not measured Scope 3 data, but provided"
,estimates based on scope 3 data reported by Yum! Brands1 and industry benchmarks2.
Average emissions per,Definition: Average Scope 1 and 2 emissions per operating restaurant equivalent (ORE).
ORE (tonnes CO2-e),
,Calculation: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions divided by the total number of ORE during the reporting
,period. ORE is calculated as the number of operating days of all restaurants divided by the number
,"of days in the reporting period, and is considered a more representative measure of consumption"
,"than “average emissions per restaurant operating at year end”, as new restaurants opened later in"
,the year will otherwise skew the data.
Total energy consumed (GJ),"Definition: Total energy consumed which includes electricity use in our restaurants, RSCs and offices,"
,"including from our solar panels, as well as energy derived from fuel and natural gas."
,"Calculation: Total energy calculated by our ESG system Watershed based on total amount fuel,"
,"natural gas and electricity used in MWh, multiplied by 3.6 to convert to Gigajoules."
Average energy,Definition: Average energy consumed per operating restaurant equivalent (ORE).
consumed per,
,Calculation: Total energy consumed in Gigajoules divided by the total number of ORE during the
ORE (GJ),
,reporting period.
Carbon intensity,Definition: Relative emissions per million AUD $.
per million ($),
,Calculation: total scope 1 and location-based scope 2 emissions in tonnes CO2-e / $M revenue.

=== Table 11 (page 57) ===
,The table below outlines our engagement with our key stakeholder groups as introduced in chapter 2 of this report. We aim,,
,"to maintain an ongoing and constructive dialogue with these groups, across our geographical locations. Examples of these",,
engagements are highlighted in the following table.,,,
Stakeholder Group,Definition,Topics we address,How we engage
Team members,Our employees who work in our,"Working conditions, talent &",Internal communications
,restaurants and RSCs,"development, EIB, workplace","and town halls, development"
,,"health & safety, consumer health","pathways, engagement surveys"
,,"& safety, employee engagement,",
,,workplace giving and community,
,,"days, waste management,",
,,expectations on our climate,
,,strategy,
Customers,Customers who enjoy our food in,"Food safety, nutrition & choice,","Direct engagement, engagement"
,"restaurants, use drive-throughs, or","plant-based options, service","surveys, feedback, satisfaction"
,order online,"satisfactions, sustainable","and complaints data, online"
,,"restaurants, waste & recycling",
Shareholders,The owners of our company,"Sustainability risks, opportunities","AGM, investor meetings"
,,"and our resilience, sustainability","and roadshows, results"
,,ratings,announcements
Franchise partners,"Our franchisor Yum! Brands, Inc.","Greenhouse gas emissions, ethical","Direct engagement, internal"
,and other Yum! Brands franchisees,"sourcing, energy efficiency,","communications, council"
,,"packaging, food safety, menu","meetings, engagement activities"
,,"offering and nutrition & choice,",
,,"talent & development, EIB",
Suppliers,Our direct and indirect suppliers,"Ethical sourcing, human rights and",Direct engagement through
,and partners,"modern slavery, scope 3 emissions,","targeted interviews and meetings,"
,,"waste management, climate and","site visits, Sedex supplier screening"
,,biodiversity supply chain resilience,program
Affected,Communities where we operate,"Local economic empowerment,","Local support, fundraising and"
communities,"our restaurants and offices, who",community needs,"donation programs, direct"
,benefit from our giving and other,,"engagements, community"
,"programs, or are impacted by our",,partners
,value chain,,
Society and,"Represented by NGOs, not-for-","Biodiversity and nature impacts,",Consultations and direct
the planet,profits and experts on material,"animal welfare, climate change,",engagements
,topics we impact,"waste and resource use, EIB",
Lenders,Banks that provide loan capital to,"Sustainability risks, opportunities","Direct engagement, meetings"
,support our business growth,"and our resilience, industry",and interviews
,,collaboration and innovation,
Governments,Official representatives in the,"Legislation and public policy,","Panel discussions, request for"
& regulators,markets where we operate,"transition to green energy, licenses","information, direct engagement,"
,,"and permits, public health",through collaborative initiatives
,,,with industry-peers