=== Page 2 ===
making
a positive IMPACT.
393
restaurants
providing employment  
and service to  
communities
About this report 
This report summarises our sustainability performance over 
reporting period 29 April 2024 - 27 April 2025. It outlines our 
key sustainability challenges and opportunities and describes 
our strategy, key actions, systems and results. As part of our 
developing reporting journey, this report has been informed 
by several reporting standards including the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021, the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) 2024, and the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) 2024. Any financial 
figures are in AUD unless otherwise stated. Our report addresses how we manage our material topics, 
with policies, key actions and targets, as well as which 
metrics we use to track and report our results. We have made 
every effort to disclose information we feel provides relevant 
and meaningful insight into our sustainability activities and 
performance. Selected Greenhouse gas emissions and waste 
metrics within this report have been subject to independent 
limited assurance as outlined in Appendix 1. 
Disclosures in this report relate to restaurant and other assets 
operated by Collins Foods Limited (Collins Foods) and its 
subsidiaries during the financial year, unless otherwise stated. 
Restaurants operated by other franchisees in the Netherlands, 
where Collins Foods acts as corporate franchisor are out of 
scope of this report. 
2025 Snapshot Letter of introduction ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGYCOLLINS FOODS LIMITED  | Sustainability REPORT 2025
2025 Snapshot
Letter of introduction
ABOUT
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

=== Page 4 ===
2025 SNAPSHOT
This page outlines our key sustainability results achieved 
in our fiscal year 2025 (FY25). Unless otherwise stated, 
these are consolidated group results. 
Employees supported
94
With over $250,000
by our Collins Family Fund258,902
training courses 
delivered43% 
female leadership
(1.7%) 
gender paygappeople employed 
21,688 
with 91 nationalitiesSocial catalyst
Environmental action
10,432
Trees plantedRestaurants
196
Generating solar power
23%
Waste diverted
from landfill 
(up from 22% last year)reduction
21% 
in our relative 
per-restaurant
emissions since 2019 
37%1 
decrease in
single-use plastics2
1 QSR
Healthier Food Manifesto2
100% 
of our tier 1 suppliers
onboarded for ethical
risk screeningdonated 
$909,600
to our charity partnersFood safety  
inspections
380
Passed with
95% compliance 
trained 
2,134
Food Safety SupervisorsThriving communities
1. Percentage shows the reduction in calendar year 2024 compared to calendar year 2023.
2. Results specific to our European operations.
2 COLLINS FOODS LIMITED  | Sustainability REPORT 2025
2025 Snapshot Letter of introduction ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
Letter of introduction
ABOUT
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 2025 Snapshot

=== Page 6 ===
LETTER OF INTRODUCTION
This has a been a year of focus, in which we sharpened our sustainability 
strategy to ensure we act on what matters most: delivering meaningful 
impact while meeting our upcoming sustainability reporting obligations. 
We refined our priorities, embedding sustainability deeper into our business 
operations, aligning it with corporate strategy, and strengthening our 
sustainability governance.
NAVIGATING A CHANGING CONSUMER AND 
REGULATORY LANDSCAPE
We navigated an increasingly challenging QSR consumer 
landscape this year, marked by shifting customer expectations, 
economic pressures, and evolving market dynamics. This led us 
to refocus our corporate strategy, which included the decision 
to exit our Taco Bell operations and focus on accelerating 
expansion in Germany. In the current QSR environment, 
sustainability remains a key differentiator – not only in enhancing 
resilience but also in driving long-term consumer trust and 
brand value.
From a regulatory point of view, this has been a dynamic year. 
In Australia the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ASRS) are now officially in force; however, the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) applying to our 
European entities has been postponed, reflecting the evolving 
regulatory landscape and the need for businesses to adapt to 
shifting timelines and expectations.REINFORCING OUR BEYOND-COMPLIANCE POSITIONING
The CSRD postponement has allowed us to use our CSRD-
aligned double materiality assessment for strategic purposes: to 
deepen our understanding of our most significant environmental 
and social impacts. This early preparation ensures we are 
well-positioned to meet future reporting requirements while 
reinforcing our beyond-compliance focus. We see sustainability 
not just as an ethical choice. We are convinced that a stronger 
and more strategic approach towards sustainability strengthens 
operational stability and future growth, and contributes to 
shareholder value to which we remain firmly committed. 
We also believe sustainability is not just about ambitions, it 
is about accountability and execution. As a leading QSR 
business, this means we recognise the sustainability challenges 
in our industry - such as emissions, waste and packaging - 
and acknowledge the complexity of solving these. With our 
updated goals and strategy, we aim to focus on those things 
we can influence and where we have the largest impact for 
our stakeholders as well as our business. This includes continued 
investment in energy efficiency, waste reduction, and plant-
based proteins, to minimise our environmental footprint and 
associated climate risks. While solving sustainability challenges 
in our industry will take an iterative approach, we are 
committed to getting it right.
Xavier Simonet
Managing Director and CEO
4 COLLINS FOODS LIMITED  | Sustainability REPORT 2025
2025 Snapshot Letter of introduction ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
2025 Snapshot
ABOUT
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY Letter of introduction

=== Page 14 ===
We published our first 2030 Ambition Statement in last year’s 
report, which, though mostly qualitative, reflected our aspirations and commitment to sustainability. This year, we built on that foundation by making our ambitions more concrete and quantitative, based on our current results and plans as well as industry benchmarks. 
While we support the concept of a transition to a Net Zero 
economy, this year’s assessments have led us to revise our emissions reduction ambition to better reflect the current status of our strategy. As we intend to continue growing our business and number of restaurants in coming years, we foresee purchasing green energy in addition to the solar power generated by our own panels to reduce absolute emissions in our operations.  We plan to continue building on our climate data maturity - including scope 3 data - to better understand potential levers and solutions for limiting and reducing our total carbon footprint. As our climate transition plan matures, we will reassess the possibilities for aligning our emissions reduction to a Net Zero pathway.While in principle we have set targets that we believe are achievable, with effort, for some targets this requires efforts beyond our direct sphere of control. This particularly relates to achieving our Australian waste diversion target, which requires solving several infrastructural complexities together with our waste collection partners. 
As part of a franchise network, we do not have full control over 
all sustainability-related topics (such as packaging, sourcing of core products, and our menu offering – as these are provided by our Franchisor Yum! Brands). For these areas, we align with Yum! Brands’ 2030 ambitions, which are indicated with a Yum! Brands’ logo in the accompanying visual. 
2.3 OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY & AMBITIONS
THRIVING COMMUNITIES
We aim to positively impact 
the communities in which we 
operate by taking ownership 
and operating responsibility, 
being the best neighbour 
we can be and supporting 
those in need.
ENVIRONMENTALACTION
We continuously focus on 
minimising our environmental 
impact and increasing the 
resilience of our food system. 
We do this by accelerating 
sustainable and responsible 
business practices in our 
operations and value chain.
SOCIAL CATALYST
As the employer of >21,000 
people globally, our people 
are at the heart of everything 
we do. We focus on offering a 
remarkable people experience 
and sense of belonging, and 
empower and enable our 
employees with knowledge, 
skills and opportunities to 
advance and excel in their 
careers as well as in life.
12 COLLINS FOODS LIMITED  |  Sustainability REPORT 2025
2025 Snapshot Letter of introduction ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
2025 Snapshot
Letter of introduction
ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

=== Page 15 ===
Yum! Brands Logo indicates Yum! Brands 2030 ambitions that we align with. As published in Yum! Brands 2023 
Global Citizenship & Sustainability Report.
ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION
FY25 key initiatives 2030 Medium term ambitions
Climate change – Sustainable design in 65 new builds & remodels
– Launched Zinger Veggie in the Netherlands
– Supplier climate targets in place–Reduce our scope 1 + 2 emissions by
30% compared to 2025 levels
Waste & resource use – Trialled organic waste collection in WA
– Food waste outlier program
– Back of House diversion push
– Transitioning off single-use plastics– Reduce and maintain our operational food waste
at <2%
– 30% of total waste diverted
– 100% recoverable plastic packaging
Biodiversity – Soy de-forestation assessment
– Biodiversity risk assessment– Working with our franchisor Yum! Brands in striving
to end natural forest loss and degradation by2030
Animal welfare – 100% of suppliers audited
– Continued with Better Life chicken
– 100% cage free eggs in Europe– Continuous improvement of standards
in supply chain
– 100% cage free eggs globally
ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION
THRIVING COMMUNITIES
FY25 key initiatives 2030 Medium term ambitions
Consumer health & safety  – Continuous food safety audits & training
– QSR Healthier Food Manifesto
– 17% reduced salt in our original breading in EU– 100% of core suppliers are Global
Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) Certified
– Increased number of lower-calorie
menu options
Affected Communities  –$909,600 donated by Collins Foods Giving Program
– Employee volunteering in community days
– Restaurant-led community actions– >$1 million generated annually via Collins Foods
Giving & community initiatives
Ethical value chain – 100% of tier 1 suppliers onboarded
for regular risk scr
eening
– Regular engagement with our franchisor and
fellow franchisees regarding ethical supply chainpolicy and risk scr
eening– >75% of our core suppliers in our screening
platfor
m subject to annual risk assessment
THRIVINGCOMMUNITIESSOCIAL CATALYST
FY25 key initiatives 2030 Medium term ambitions
Working conditions – Wellbeing and Wealth programs
– Supported 94 employees with >$250,000 via
our Collins Family Fund– Above industry-benchmark % of employees rate
us as a great place to work
Talent & development – Updated training & development framework
– Delivered >250k training sessions
– Accelerated our Building Bench initiative– Accredited Diploma of Leadership &
Management for RGMs
– >70% of employees feel we offer great
development opportunities
Equality, inclusion 
& belonging– Founded our 2nd Belonging Council
– EIB statements in all recruitment
– Mentored 10 emerging female leaders thr
ough
our SHINE program– A balanced workforce and leadership with >40%
women and >40% men
Workplace Health & Safety – Safety culture survey
– Hazard identification awareness pr
ogram– Comprehensive safety management system
embedded across the business
SOCIALCATALYST
13
ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION Social catalyst THRIVING COMMUNITIES Governance ASSURANCE STATEMENT Appendix
ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION
Social catalyst 
THRIVING COMMUNITIES
Governance
ASSURANCE STATEMENT
Appendix

=== Page 16 ===
We continuously focus on minimising 
our environmental impact and 
increasing the resilience of our food 
system. We do so by accelerating 
sustainable and responsible business 
practices across our operations and 
value chain, together with our franchisor 
and other strategic partners. ENVIRONMENTAL  
ACTION
Key figures 
Climate: 
 –196 restaurants generating solar power (FY24: 183)
 –21% relative reduction in our per-restaurant emisions since 2019
Waste:
 –23% waste diverted from landfill (FY24: 22%)
 –2% food waste (FY24: 2%)
Animal welfare & biodiversity: 
 –1st of our Australian chicken suppliers obtained their 100% 
deforestation-free soy certification 
 –100% cage free eggs in European operations3
From the responsible sourcing of ingredients to energy-efficient 
restaurant operations, we are implementing strategies to 
reduce our environmental footprint. This section outlines our 
progress and initiatives in key areas:
 –Climate, energy-use and emissions
 –Menu innovation with alternative proteins
 –Waste management and recycling
 –Animal welfare and biodiversity 
14 COLLINS FOODS LIMITED  | Sustainability REPORT 2025
2025 Snapshot Letter of introduction ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
2025 Snapshot
Letter of introduction
ABOUT
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY