=== Page 4 ===
In FY23, Cromwell Property Group made significant strides 
in our ESG journey. 
We developed and commenced implementation of our 
updated ESG Strategy; we prepared our globally-aligned 
approach to decarbonising the business to meet our targets 
of net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2035; and scope 1, 2, 
and 3 emissions by 2045. For the first time, we have reported 
a comprehensive scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions inventory 
that covers emissions that arise from our upstream and 
downstream activities, including tenant activities; funds 
under management; joint ventures; and embodied carbon 
sources. This activity is supported by emissions abatement 
cost modelling for our Australian and European portfolios to 
facilitate emissions reductions and associated  
decarbonisation costs. 
The initiation of an electrification upgrade at our McKell 
building in Sydney’s CBD marked an exciting milestone 
in Cromwell’s journey towards decarbonisation. 
Simultaneously, our property team demonstrated leadership 
in ESG considerations within refurbishment projects 
– this involved striving for innovation in ESG practices 
and implementing subcontractor diversity, equity and 
inclusion targets. Our Italian team’s collaboration with AGC 
Glass Europe, a low-carbon glass manufacturer, further 
demonstrates our commitment to sustainable partnerships 
and reducing our embodied carbon. 
Our release of the Group Sustainable Finance Framework 
and initiation of green loans will help ensure we deliver 
on our targets and support in advancing ESG within the 
commercial property sector. This commitment culminated 
in our endorsement of the UN Principles for Responsible 
Investing (UN PRI), which aligns our business success with 
global sustainability. In FY23, we elevated our alignment 
with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure 
As we set our sights on FY24, we are 
eager to deepen our dedication to ESG
Executive update
(TCFD) recommendations, including committing to 
conducting a comprehensive gap analysis and charting a 
TCFD roadmap to ensure full alignment by 2025. 
In committing to creating a more inclusive workplace, we 
launched the Respect@Cromwell framework in Australia, 
which prioritises the prevention and early intervention 
of sexual harassment. Our global diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) targets have yielded notable achievements, 
with four out of five levels within the Australian team 
achieving the 40:40:20 gender diversity goal. Progress 
was also made in Europe, increasing the representation of 
women in leadership positions to 36% by the end of FY23. 
Our membership in the Diversity Council of Australia and 
the introduction of new and inclusive leave benefits further 
support our DEI commitments.
Throughout the year, we dedicated our efforts to supporting 
more than 20 community organisations worldwide through 
volunteering and donations, further emphasising our 
commitment to giving back to the communities we serve.
As we set our sights on FY24, we are eager to deepen our 
dedication to ESG; to build on the foundation that we have 
established in FY23. We understand that progress often 
involves challenges and requires ongoing dedication, and 
we are committed to transparency and responsibility as we 
move forward.
Jonathan Callaghan
Chief Executive Officer
11-13 Robinson Street, Dandenong, AustraliaCROMWELL PROPERTY GROUP  FY23 ESG REPORT
4CONTENTS  | EXECUTIVE UPDATE  | ESG STRATEGY  | WHAT MATTERS MOST  | ENVIRONMENT  | PEOPLE  | PLACES & COMMUNITIES  | GOVERNANCE

=== Page 7 ===
28% 0.45  kL/m2 2025 42% 28%
0.27 kL/m266%renewable electricityAustralia AustraliaTCFD roadmap  
set for alignment by Set a SBTi-aligned 
target of 
Scope 1, 2, and 3 
emissions reduction  
by 2030recycling rate
recycling rateAustralia
Europe EuropeRenewable Electricity  
TARGET  
80% renewable electricity 
procurement by 2025  and 100% by 
2030  for operationally controlled 
assets and spacesNet Zero
TARGET
Validate our net zero targets 
using the Science Based 
targets initiative (SBTi) Net 
Zero StandardNet Zero
TARGET
New developments by 2030
Operational control by 2035
Entire portfolio for scope 1, 2, and 
3, including tenant emissions and 
embodied carbon by 2045Water
TARGET 
Reduce water intensity in line with 
relevant geography benchmarksClimate Risk
TARGET
Achieve full alignment with 
the TCFD recommendations 
by 2025Waste
TARGET 
Waste diverted from landfill:  
75% by 2030  
100% by 2040  
60% recycling rate by 2040
ABSOLUTE EMISSIONS
Group 2 15,006 tCO2e
Australia 73,535 tCO2e
Europe 141,472 tCO2e
EMISSIONS INTENSITY
Group 65kg  CO2e/m2
Australia 176kg  CO2e/m2
Europe 49kg  CO2e/m201ENVIRONMENT
THIRD
FOURTHCromwell Direct
Property Fund
Cromwell Diversified  
Property T rustin Australia
in AustraliaEQUALEQUALNABERS  
Sustainable  
Portfolio Index  
Energy Performance
FY23 PROGRESS1FY23 PROGRESS FY23 PROGRESS FY23 PROGRESS FY23 PROGRESS FY23 PROGRESS FY23 PROGRESS
1. Refer to CEREIT 2022 Sustainability Report for CEREIT targets and progress.CROMWELL PROPERTY GROUP   FY23 ESG REPORT
7CONTENTS  | EXECUTIVE UPDATE  | ESG STRATEGY  | WHAT MATTERS MOST  | ENVIRONMENT  | PEOPLE  | PLACES & COMMUNITIES  | GOVERNANCE

=== Page 10 ===
Environmental
• Decarbonisation  
Cromwell faces reputational risks and opportunities associated with 
climate change and moves to decarbonise, which can impact Cromwell’s 
long-term value proposition, profitability, and access to capital. We also 
need to demonstrate our ability to meet increasingly stringent regulation 
and resultant financial consequences, including increased operating 
costs. There is a clear expectation from stakeholders for us to reach a net 
zero target.
• Climate adaptation  
Physical risks of climate change may impact revenue, due to changes 
in demand influenced by the management of our portfolio and fund and 
asset management. Mitigating and adapting to the physical impacts 
of climate change and maintaining a resilient portfolio present an 
opportunity to demonstrate our value to stakeholders.
• Waste management and circular economy  
Ensuring the sustainable and efficient use and protection of resources – 
and minimising the negative impact of our buildings. Cromwell embraces 
opportunities to positively impact the environment, where upgrading 
properties by retrofitting can reduce waste and embedded emissions 
(also linking this to decarbonisation). This makes our properties more 
attractive to investors, which impacts our financial capital and returns. 
Waste management is also of concern to our tenant-customers and 
engaging with them helps with stakeholder satisfaction and retention, 
which has a positive impact on our revenue and profitability.
• Biodiversity and land management  
Responsible environmental management through the protection of 
resources and the land on which our properties are located. Minimising 
the negative impact of our buildings and embracing new opportunities to 
positively impact the environment is critical to maintaining Cromwell’s 
social licence to operate. 
• Water management  
The sustainable and efficient use and protection of water minimises the 
negative impact of our buildings. Water management is also of concern 
to our tenant-customers and, by demonstrating our positive actions, 
helps with engagement and retention, which improves our revenue and 
profitability.People, Places & Communities
• Tenant experience and engagement  
Proactive engagement with tenant-customers is critical for Cromwell 
to understand evolving needs and maintain Cromwell’s long-term value 
proposition. Revenue and profitability are linked to metrics such as weighted 
average lease expiry, a measure of tenant retention. We are proud of our strong 
reputation with tenant-customers and particularly note, and work to address, 
their ESG concerns and expectations, where feasible. Engaging our tenant-
customers is crucial to meeting our own decarbonisation goals, since their use 
of our buildings is a key factor in overall emissions.
• Community conscious  
Engaging and supporting the local communities in which we operate, or 
own property, is critical to providing Cromwell with a “social licence.” This 
includes contributing to the reconciliation process with Indigenous Owners and 
communities in Australia. We also have an opportunity for corporate leadership 
in our community engagement.
• Diversity, equity, and inclusion  
The benefits of diversity include an increase in unique viewpoints; new and 
better innovations; creative problem-solving; improvement in employee 
engagement and talent attraction; and challenging tradition. Creating a diverse 
workforce with equal access to training and career opportunities can help 
Cromwell address both talent attraction and retention, as well as corporate 
social responsibilities. Attracting and retaining diverse talent can limit turnover 
and reduce operating costs.
• Engaged, capable, and healthy workforce  
Cultivating a strong, healthy workplace culture which attracts, engages, and 
develops high-performing teams is a key enabler to progress action on other 
topics and achieve our business strategy and goals. High turnover, which can 
result from poor engagement, impacts operating costs. Governance
• Corporate leadership  
Building strong, responsible corporate leadership and governance 
frameworks that promote trust and transparency positively impacts 
our ability to achieve sustainable growth and meet our business goals. 
Embedding ESG across all business functions in decision-making 
processes and moving beyond compliance in multiple areas, such as 
setting supplier code of conducts and proactively mitigating modern 
slavery risks in our supply chain, would improve our reputation as a 
leader. A strong reputation may impact Cromwell’s long term value 
proposition, profitability, and access to capital.
• Sustainable growth and development  
We have a strong focus on delivering sustainable profit to shareholders 
and this is addressed in strategy and reporting. We manage this through 
controls, such as strong corporate governance, leveraging knowledge and 
capabilities, and other sustainability objectives. Engaging investors in our 
ESG process to ensure retention is crucial to our success and profitability.
• Risk and supply chain management  
Having strong risk and supply chain management is key to supporting 
our success, as it serves as a foundation for all activities. It is also 
critical to achieving ESG goals, particularly when addressing climate 
and environmental impacts. We have an opportunity to strengthen our 
approach and provide a competitive advantage with robust systems, 
anticipating and mitigating risks. This shall improve confidence and trust 
with stakeholders and strengthen our value proposition and reputation.Material issuesCROMWELL PROPERTY GROUP  FY23 ESG REPORT
10CONTENTS  | EXECUTIVE UPDATE  | ESG STRATEGY  | WHAT MATTERS MOST  | ENVIRONMENT  | PEOPLE  | PLACES & COMMUNITIES  | GOVERNANCE

=== Page 12 ===
Cromwell supports the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit 
global warming to 1.5°C, curbing the most severe impacts of 
climate change. As described by the International Energy Agency, 
the operations of buildings account for 30% of global final energy 
consumption and 26% of global energy-related emissions. 
We recognise that our sector has a significant role to play in 
decarbonisation and have set ambitious net zero targets and a robust 
strategy to support the rapid decarbonisation of our sector. 
During the year, we set an emissions reduction target aligned to the 
Science Based Targets initiative: 
Achieve 42% scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions reduction by 2030 
against a 2022 baseline.  
The Science Based Targets initiative recently released draft guidance 
for the buildings sector. We will validate our target against these 
criteria. 
Marginal abatement cost curves (MACC) were developed for our 
Australian and European portfolios to identify emissions reductions and cost associated with decarbonisation initiatives that we could 
undertake. We conducted net zero prioritisation workshops with our 
funds and property teams to validate the findings from the MACCs, 
categorised the chosen initiatives into easily accomplished tasks and 
major projects, and plotted them onto a net zero roadmap. 
For our property investment portfolio, we conduct technical building 
assessments every three years, to ensure we maintain our assets 
at a high efficiency. Strategic asset plans include the analysis of 
climate change scenarios, sustainability objectives, and the physical 
and transition risks and opportunities. Cromwell’s focus on the 
acquisition and uplift of existing buildings lightens our carbon 
footprint. Our embodied carbon is largely attributed to maintenance 
and refurbishment. During our property lifecycles, we aim to serve as 
responsible stewards of our buildings; to improve the environmental 
efficiency and performance of these buildings before divestment. 
We commission energy and water audits of our property investment 
portfolio to identify opportunities for efficiencies. Within Australia, 
Cromwell uses the National Australian Built Environment Rating 
Scheme (NABERS) to assess the efficiency and environmental 
performance of our office buildings. NABERS compares our buildings 
against others. NABERS’ energy ratings measure the efficiency of 
an office building. An energy rating works by comparing the energy 
consumption of a building against a set of benchmarks that has been 
developed using actual data and identifies opportunities to save energy. FY23 PROGRESSTARGETRenewable energy use
80% 100% 
by 2030 by 2025
28%(only includes where data 
is available in Europe)Decarbonisation
Net Zero
Net ZeroScope 1,2 by 2035
Scope 1,2,3 by 2045
Scope 1,2
44% reduction from FY22Scope 1,2,3
19%  reduction from FY22TARGET
FY23 PROGRESS
Science Based Target reduction goalsScope 1 and 2 reduction Scope 1, 2, and 3 reduction
050100150200250300
2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030ktCO2e emissions
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3Target50,679
28,416
FY22 FY2344%
Reduction264,368
215,006
FY22 FY2319%
Reduction
Emissions reduction due in part to improved data quality and methodologiesScope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3CROMWELL PROPERTY GROUP  FY23 ESG REPORT
12CONTENTS  | EXECUTIVE UPDATE  | ESG STRATEGY  | WHAT MATTERS MOST  | ENVIRONMENT  | PEOPLE  | PLACES & COMMUNITIES  | GOVERNANCE