=== Table 1 (page 5) ===
Environment,Social,,Governance
Centuria and COF are targeting the,,,
,Female,,
,,,CIP and COF portfolios are targeting
elimination of gas and diesel in operations,,,
,representation,,
,,c,Green Star Performance v2.0 ratings.
where practicable (scope 1) by 2035.1,,". $500,000 raised",
,increased to 50%,,
,,with community,
,on the CNI Board,,
"10 of COF’s 19   
Two all-electric design CIP developments","(up from 43% in FY24),",groups and charities,
"assets electrified.
commenced construction2",including the Chair and,,
,,"and spent c.$280,000",
,the Centuria Life Board (up,,
,,with certified social,
,from 33% in FY24) and was,,Strong 2025 GRESB results: CIP 71 points
Allendale Square the first 1970s building in WA to be electrified and one,,,
,maintained at 50% from FY24,enterprises.,
of the oldest to earn a 5-star NABERS Indoor Environment base building,,,(2 stars) and COF 87 points (4 stars).
,on the CIP Board.6,,
rating.,,,

=== Table 2 (page 5) ===
,New partnership,
,established,
,with Social Traders.,
Centuria NZ released its second year of,,"1.  Centuria and COF will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by Centuria and COF. Gas and diesel equipment"
,,owned and operated by our tenants is excluded from Centuria’s emission reduction target.
"climate-related disclosures, while CNI continues",,"2.  13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk Victoria and 50-64 Mirage Road, Direk Victoria."
,,"3.  Centuria, CIP and COF will account for zero scope 2 GHG emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity through a combination of on-"
voluntary reporting on certain aspects of the ASSB,,site solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall
,,"under the operational control of CNI, CIP and COF. See page 44 for further detail."
S2 climate-related disclosures in Australia.,,4.  Achieved through the purchase of GreenPower and large scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption.
,,5.  NABERS Energy and Water SPI ratings for the period 1 July 2024 – 30 June 2025.
,,"6.  Includes employees in Australia and New Zealand, as well as contracted personnel employed through a third-party provider in Manila."
,,"7.  5 star Green Star Buildings v1 targeted for 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk Victoria and 50-64 Mirage Road, Direk Victoria."

=== Table 3 (page 7) ===
,A changing climate,Responsible business practices
Joint CEOs’ letter,,
,"Centuria’s decarbonisation journey continued this year,","In FY25, we demonstrated our efforts to utilise ESG"
,as we worked on our emissions reduction targets of,"benchmarks, both to assess and showcase our buildings"
,eliminating gas and diesel in operations where practicable,and to gain insights on optimisation of current assets.
,"for Centuria and COF by 2035,1 and targeting zero scope 2",Currently in development are two Centuria industrial
,greenhouse gas emissions by 2035 for Centuria and 2028,projects that are targeting 5 Star Green Star Building v1.0
,for CIP and COF.2,"ratings: 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk SA and 50-64 Mirage"
,,"Road, Direk SA. We are also continuing to participate in"
,Achievements included COF completing the electrification,
,,"industry pilot ratings, with a 6 star NABERS Energy rating"
,"of ten buildings, meaning that more than half of its portfolio",
,,achieved under the Shopping Centres Co-Assess platform.
,is now all-electric.,
,,"During the period, Centuria began to build a"
,,complementary technology division to its real estate
,Valued stakeholders,
,,platform through a 50% investment in ResetData Pty
,,"Limited (ResetData), a next-generation cloud services and"
,Centuria’s strong track record of supporting our,
,,AI provider.
,"local communities continued in FY25, through a host",
,of fundraising and volunteering initiatives – from,Modern slavery risk is an area we continue to work to
,conservation work in NZ to a record-breaking trivia night,"further mature our approach, both in the context of our"
,"in aid of St Lucy’s School, Sydney (a school for students",operations and our complex supply chains. Strategic and
,"with disabilities). Collectively, we raised c.$500,000",systematic risk mitigation is also a theme across Centuria’s
,in donations for our nominated community groups and,"cybersecurity and data privacy, where we continue to"
,"charities. On the tenant engagement front, more than 60",enhance our tools and processes – especially regarding AI
,tenant activations throughout the year lent support to,use.
,"a spectrum of organisations and causes, enriching our",
,tenant experience in the process.,
,,Looking forward
,"Having enhanced our procurement capabilities in FY25,",
,we are bringing greater strategic focus to harnessing,"As our operating environment continues to change,"
With more than $20.6 billion assets under,,
,our purchasing power for good. Social procurement is a,Centuria’s approach to sustainability will keep adjusting
"management as at 30 June 2025, Centuria",,
,"growing theme, with more than $75,000 spent with our","in response, supporting the continued relevance of our"
continued to benefit from our diversified portfolio,"partner, Two Good Co, and an additional $205,000 spent","ESG activities. As we continue to work towards our targets,"
,with other certified social enterprises. We also became,we thank you for your continued interest in Centuria’s
and strategic approach throughout the last 12,,
,"members of Social Traders, a leading industry body that",sustainability journey and look forward to updating you on
months.  Improved market conditions enabled,connects businesses with social enterprise for mutual,our future progress.
,,
Centuria to outperform on its initial FY25 earnings,benefit.,
guidance and position the Group to commence,With our employee engagement on the rise (81%,
,"compared to 77% in FY243), we are proud to see our",
FY26 with a double-digit earnings growth,,
,"investment in diversity, equity and inclusion reflected in",
"forecast. The Group has a major, ongoing focus","our positive workplace culture, with 92%3 of employees",
,"proud to work at Centuria. In FY25, there was strong uptake",
on driving attractive earnings growth for Centuria,,
,"of both our new health and wellbeing platform, Sonder, and",
"securityholders, while striving to create shared value",,
,"our online development offering, LinkedIn Learning – both","John McBain  
 
      Jason Huljich"
with our stakeholders through our ESG initiatives.,of which were introduced in FY24.,"Joint CEO 
 
      Joint CEO"

=== Table 4 (page 20) ===
,,,
Introduction,Highlights,,
"Under this strategic pillar, Centuria’s",,,
,Centuria and COF are targeting,Centuria is targeting zero,4.2 star NABERS Water SPI
objective is to achieve environmental,,,
,the elimination of gas and diesel,"scope 2 emissions by 2035,",rating achieved for COF (up from
outcomes that can help to mitigate,,,
,in operations where practicable,with CIP and COF targeting 2028.1,4.1 stars in FY24).3
climate-related risks and enhance,,,
,(scope 1) by 2035.1,,
opportunities.,,,
,,6-star NABERS Energy pilot Shopping Centres,
"Throughout FY25, extreme weather events continued to",,Co-Assess Rating awarded to Gwelup Shopping,
,10 of COF’s 19 assets electrified.,,
"occur globally, affecting many parts of Australia and New",,,
,,Centre.,Centuria NZ released its
Zealand – with severe storms leading to record-breaking,,,
,,,second year of climate-related
,Two all-electric design CIP developments,,
floods in both Queensland and NSW. Mindful of how our,,,
,,Our corporate offices sourced the equivalent of,
changing climate could potentially impact our business,commenced construction.2,,"disclosures, while CNI continues"
,,100% renewable electricity.2,
"and surrounding communities, Centuria continued to focus",,,
,,,voluntary reporting on certain
on building strategic resilience across the business.,,,
,Allendale Square the first 1970s building in WA to,,
,,,aspects of the ASSB S2 climate-
,be electrified and one of the oldest to earn a 5-star,5-star NABERS Energy Sustainable Portfolio Index,
,,,related disclosures in Australia.
,NABERS Indoor Environment base building rating.,(SPI) rating  maintained for COF.3,

=== Table 5 (page 21) ===
climate change.,
Business impact workshops in Australia,Putting physical measures in place
"Following on from last year’s climate scenario planning,",When working with insurance providers to obtain cover
FY25 saw us conduct a series of business impact,"for our property assets, Centuria carries out physical risk"
workshops across the Australian business. Structured,assessments on our assets. Where potential bushfire or
"similarly to those carried out in FY24 in New Zealand, the","flood risks are identified, we develop a Bushfire Emergency"
workshops comprised nine 90-minute sessions involving,Response Plan (BERP) or Flood Emergency Response Plan
"senior leaders from across all business units, with a",(FERP) for the asset. These plans outline what actions
representative from finance attending over half of the,our staff need to take in a climate-related emergency
"workshops. Held in small groups, the workshops focused",to protect the asset and ensure the safety of staff and
on creating a narrative connecting Centuria’s climate,tenants. The plans also specify training required to ensure
"scenarios with our business model, and asked attendees",staff are adequately prepared to respond.
to consider how Centuria Capital Group and its listed,
,"In FY25, Centuria implemented a range of climate risk"
entities’ climate related exposures (CREs) could impact,
,recommendations across the portfolio. Most insurance-
their particular business unit or fund.,
,related recommendations pertained to reducing risk
Another significant piece of work carried out in FY25,around services and housekeeping. Only one asset
was assessing Centuria’s scope 3 boundaries. Given,was flagged as needing physical works carried out to
"the complexity of Centuria’s business model, it has",mitigate potential flood damage: an office building at
been necessary to consider how the GHG Protocol can,"1 William Street, Perth WA. At this property, automatic"
be applied or interpreted across different parts of the,flood barriers were installed in the basement carpark to
"business. Working with specialist consultants, our focus",prevent essential services (located in the basement)
was to identify what carbon emissions are included within,from becoming submerged. The new system is one
our reporting boundary to establish the foundation of our,of only two in Perth and uses sensors to detect when
scope 3 reporting ahead of our mandatory climate-related,street-level water is no longer draining from around the
reporting requirements commencing.,building. Sensors detect when water reaches a certain
,"level, triggering the barrier to rise above the water to"
"For further detail on our climate resilience work in Australia,",
,prevent it from overflowing into the property. The barrier
please see our FY25 Climate-related Disclosures.,
,"can withstand up to 75cm of flooding, which exceeds a"
,projected one-in-500-year flooding event.

=== Table 6 (page 23) ===
with Centuria’s emission reduction targets.,,,
,,Stakeholder,Engagement approach
,,,Powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable energy from FY241 in Australia
,,Leased assets by,•
Recapping Centuria’s,What do our scope 1 and 2 emission,,
,,Centuria (as a tenant),
emission reduction targets,reduction targets include?,,
"In FY23, Centuria set the following",,,
,,,"• 
Installing on-site solar where feasible"
emission reduction targets:,Source of scope 1 emissions,Centuria Office,
,,,"• 
Targeting the elimination of gas and diesel in operations where practicable by"
,,REIT (COF),
,Includes natural gas and diesel used during the operation,,
,,,20352
Centuria and COF are targeting the,of our buildings. Gas and diesel related emissions cover,,
,,,"• 
Targeting zero scope 2 GHG emissions by 20283"
elimination of gas and diesel in operations,whole buildings where Centuria or COF owns and operates,,
where practicable (scope 1) by 2035.1,"the equipment. For the purpose of our target, scope 1",,
,"emissions do not include sources of gas, diesel and other",,
,fossil fuels used and controlled by our tenants.,,
,,,Targeting zero scope 2 GHG emissions by 20283
,,Centuria Industrial,•
Centuria is targeting zero scope 2 emissions,,,
"by 2035, with CIP and COF targeting 2028.2",Source of scope 2 emissions,REIT (CIP),
,Scope 2 emissions represent electricity consumed,,
,"in areas where Centuria, CIP or COF has ‘operational",,
,"control’,3 which may include electricity consumed for base",,
,,Unlisted funds,"• 
Installing on-site solar where feasible"
,and common areas across the asset.,,
,,,"• 
Targeting the elimination of gas and diesel in operations where practicable by"
,,,20352

=== Table 7 (page 23) ===
,1.  Achieved through the purchase of GreenPower and large scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. New Zealand offices are currently powered
,by the national grid (approximately 85% renewable).
,"2.  Centuria and COF will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by the Centuria and COF. Gas and diesel equipment"
,owned and operated by our tenants is excluded from Centuria’s emission reduction target.
"1.  Centuria and COF will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by Centuria and COF. Gas and diesel equipment","3.  Centuria, CIP and COF will account for zero scope 2 emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity through a combination of on-site"
owned and operated by our tenants is excluded from Centuria’s emission reduction target.,solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall
"2.  Centuria, CIP and COF will account for zero scope 2 emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity through a combination of on-site","under the operational control of CNI, CIP and COF."
solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall,4.  Centuria NZ will account for zero scope 2 emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity. While Centuria NZ receives electricity from the
"under the operational control of CNI, CIP and COF.","national grid, by 2035 Centuria NZ expects to purchase all its electricity from a supplier who matches our consumption on an annualised basis to power from hydro,"
"3.  Centuria, CIP and COF have adopted the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting definition of operational control, where the corporation has the authority to",wind or solar sources.
"introduce and implement any or all policies for the facility (operating, health and safety, environmental policies). Centuria accounts for scope 1 and 2 emissions where","5.  Centuria NZ will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by the Schemes in New Zealand. Gas and diesel"
"we were able to manage the day-to-day operations of an asset or part thereof, including the ability to introduce management policies and upgrade plant/equipment.","equipment owned and operated by our tenants, refrigerant use and diesel used in backup generators, are excluded from Centuria NZ's emission reduction target."

=== Table 8 (page 24) ===
emissions reduction targets,
Our electrification journey gathers momentum,
"In FY25, Centuria continued to make demonstrable",Centuria’s in-house Development team is also supporting
progress in electrifying our commercial assets – this,Centuria and COF’s target to eliminate gas and diesel in
being a key strategy we are pursuing to reduce our scope,operations where practicable by designing fully electric
1 GHG emissions and to move towards our scope 1 target,"developments. In FY25, Centuria’s industrial developments"
in COF. All properties have now been assessed for their,(excluding refurbishments) were designed with no gas
"requirements for electrification, and 52% of the COF","or diesel, targeting 5 Star Green Star ratings. Two such"
portfolio has been fully electrified (10 of 19 assets). This,"projects have commenced: 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk SA"
has involved the careful removal of all base-building gas,"and 50-64 Mirage Road, Direk SA. When powered by the"
"equipment, including HVAC and hot water systems that","equivalent of 100% renewable electricity,1 these buildings"
"relied on gas to operate, and replacing this equipment with",are expected to have minimal scope 1 emissions and zero
electrical equipment that does not use gas – a process,scope 2 GHG emissions in operation.
that requires careful staging to prevent disruption to,
,"For more detail on progress against Green Star targets,"
"tenants, and will assist in optimising the performance of",
,please see page 80-81.
these assets.,
We are conscious that each asset is unique and will pose,
,Electrified in FY25
different challenges on the path to electrification. Working,

=== Table 9 (page 25) ===
A new era in energy procurement,Maintaining zero carbon energy corporate,,FY25 energy and emissions data1,,
,offices,,,,
FY25 was a year of great progress for Centuria in terms of,,,,,
procurement. Having identified scope to develop a more,After progressively switching all of Centuria’s office,,,FY24,FY252
"strategic and systemised approach, Centuria bolstered",tenancies (i.e. where Centuria is the tenant) in Australia,,,,
internal capacity with the appointment of a new General,,,,,
,"to the equivalent of 100% renewable energy, Centuria",,Scope 13,,
,,,,"3,732","4,0124"
Manager Procurement. A procurement strategy was,continued to maintain net zero carbon energy across all,,,,
,,,(tCO2e),,
"developed in alignment with the Sustainability Framework,",offices1.,,,,
aiming to uplift the maturity of procurement at Centuria.,,,,,
,,,Scope 2,,
Procurement now forms part of a cross-functional team,,Emissions,,"24,602","23,592"
,NABERS Energy and Water,,(location based) (tCO2e),,
"alongside Operations and ESG, working collaboratively for",,,,,
shared governance outcomes. New targets have been set,,,,,
,"In FY25, Centuria continued to work closely with the",,,,
around cost savings via the consolidation of our spend and,,,Total,"28,334","27,604"
,National Australian Built Environmental Rating System,,,,
"the leveraging of our size and scale, and we have begun to",,,,,
,"(NABERS), utilising the NABERS rating tools to assess the",,,,
"standardise, systemise and further digitise our systems.",,,,,
,energy and water efficiency of our office buildings on an,,,,
,,,Total consumption5,,
,,,,"58,652","60,971"
A key focus for procurement in FY25 has been energy.,annual basis.,,,,
,,,(MWh),,
"A range of approaches are being explored, including",,,,,
,"In 2025, COF maintained a 5 star NABERS Energy SPI rating",,,,
onsite energy generation and storage renewable,,,,,
,and achieved a 4.2 star NABERS Water SPI rating.2 We are,,Total renewable energy,,
"energy procurement and, and the visibility we have over",,,,"1,654","2,438"
,proud of our 6-star NABERS rated buildings including Prime,,,,
,,,procured (MWh),,
refrigerants. Energy procurement is a complex challenge,,,,,
,"House and Joondalup House, 8A and 8B Davidson Terrace,",,,,
"that will not be solved overnight. However, we look forward",,,,,
,"Joondalup and 45 Francis Street, Northbridge WA. This is a",,Solar generated across,,
to sharing our progress in future reporting.,,,,"7,196","9,219"
,reflection of our ongoing efforts to improve building energy,,,,
,,Energy,assets (MWh),,
,and water efficiency through the fine-tuning of plant,,,,
,,,,,
,and equipment. Government tenants continue to favour,,Capacity of,,
,,,,"1,125",245
,"buildings with higher NABERS ratings, which is an added",,,,
,,,solar installed (kW),,
,motivator to improve our buildings’ performance.,,,,

=== Table 10 (page 42) ===
GRESB,Fulton Drive,,,
FY25 was the fourth year Centuria Office,Centuria acquired an existing industrial,,,
,,,,Full refurbishment
"REIT’s portfolio was assessed by GRESB,","property at 30 Fulton Drive, Derrimut",,,
,,,Battery storage,of the existing
with a strong score of 87 achieved (4 stars).,"Vic, in 2021. Seeing scope to add",Inclusion of a 99kW,,
,,,"technology,",warehouse with new
"CIP has commenced its GRESB journey,","value to the asset through expansion,",solar system with the,,
,,,which will allow energy,LED lighting and end-
with 71 points achieved (2 stars).,Centuria undertook a significant,roof to support 400kW,,
,,,generated from the solar to,
,,,,of-trip facilities.
,redevelopment – choosing to retain,"of solar,",,
,,,be stored and used by the,
"Across both portfolios, we consciously stepped up our",,,,The existing roof was
,,which provides enough energy,,
,"and upgrade the existing structure,",,"tenant when demand is high,",
communication and engagement with tenants and saw,,,,refurbished with clear roof
,,to power essential services,potentially reducing electricity,
an uplift in the percentage of tenant data we were able to,rather than demolishing it.,,,sheets to optimise daylight and
,,"(lighting, security, gates) 24/7.",costs.,
access as a result. Large tenants with scope 3 reporting,,,,reduce reliance on artificial
,An estimated 90% of materials were recycled by the,,,lighting.
requirements have been particularly receptive to sharing,,,,
,"builder as part of the retrofit process, and a number",,,
"data, and we have worked actively with these tenants to",,,,
,of sustainability features were integrated into the,,,
help provide data required to achieve their respective,,,,
,"project, including:",,,
ESG targets.,,,,

=== Table 11 (page 47) ===
,,,Assurance,,
Integrating AI:,,,,,
Copilot and Centuria Labs,,,FY25 is the third reporting period in which Centuria has,,Social and Governance metrics
,,,had limited assurance by KPMG for select ESG metrics,,
"In the reporting period, Centuria continued to explore",Centuria’s second AI-related initiative in FY25 was to,,,•,Total no. of employee training courses completed
,,,including the following:,,
"ways in which AI could potentially benefit our business,","establish Centuria Labs: a new business support unit, that",,,•,No. of employee training hours
under the direction of the AI Steering Committee,will evolve alongside AI capabilities and technological,,,,
,,,,•,No. of training hours per employee
(established in FY24). An AI Usage policy has now been,innovations. One of Centuria Labs’ main objectives is to,,Environmental metrics,,
,,,,•,Employees undertaking performance reviews
developed and implemented across the business and,"automate manual, error-prone and repetitive tasks to improve",•,Scope 1 emissions,,
we broadened our usage of Microsoft Copilot following,quality and efficiency while reducing costs. Centuria Labs will,,,•,Employment status
,,•,Scope 2 emissions (location based),,
a successful trial. As Copilot has been embedded into,also align business practices with continuous compliance,,,•,Headcount by location
,,•,Energy consumed,,
"Centuria’s system, it keeps our information secure and","and fraud risk monitoring, enhance product design and",,,,
,,,,•,Absenteeism
"does not use it for external learning. For this reason,",marketing and further support proactive asset management.,•,Onsite solar generated,,
,,,,•,Gender diversity
employees are required to use this as their exclusive AI,,,,,
,Centuria Labs will be operated by three tiers of management:,•,Water consumed,,
"tool, with other options such as Chat GPT prohibited.",,,,•,Age diversity
,"an Oversight Committee, an Implementation Committee and",•,Waste generated (waste directed and waste diverted).,,
,an AI Engineering Team. The latter is accountable for the,,,•,Women in executive management
"In FY25, 429 Copilot licenses were issued with a 93.4%",,,,,
,,,Environmental metrics reflect our operational control,,
active user percentage across the Group. The most,technical delivery of each project and comprises Centurians,,,,

=== Table 12 (page 47) ===
,,,Assurance,,
Integrating AI:,,,,,
Copilot and Centuria Labs,,,FY25 is the third reporting period in which Centuria has,,Social and Governance metrics
,,,had limited assurance by KPMG for select ESG metrics,,
"In the reporting period, Centuria continued to explore",Centuria’s second AI-related initiative in FY25 was to,,,•,Total no. of employee training courses completed
,,,including the following:,,
"ways in which AI could potentially benefit our business,","establish Centuria Labs: a new business support unit, that",,,•,No. of employee training hours
under the direction of the AI Steering Committee,will evolve alongside AI capabilities and technological,,,,
,,,,•,No. of training hours per employee
(established in FY24). An AI Usage policy has now been,innovations. One of Centuria Labs’ main objectives is to,,Environmental metrics,,
,,,,•,Employees undertaking performance reviews
developed and implemented across the business and,"automate manual, error-prone and repetitive tasks to improve",•,Scope 1 emissions,,
we broadened our usage of Microsoft Copilot following,quality and efficiency while reducing costs. Centuria Labs will,,,•,Employment status
,,•,Scope 2 emissions (location based),,
a successful trial. As Copilot has been embedded into,also align business practices with continuous compliance,,,•,Headcount by location
,,•,Energy consumed,,
"Centuria’s system, it keeps our information secure and","and fraud risk monitoring, enhance product design and",,,,
,,,,•,Absenteeism
"does not use it for external learning. For this reason,",marketing and further support proactive asset management.,•,Onsite solar generated,,
,,,,•,Gender diversity
employees are required to use this as their exclusive AI,,,,,
,Centuria Labs will be operated by three tiers of management:,•,Water consumed,,
"tool, with other options such as Chat GPT prohibited.",,,,•,Age diversity
,"an Oversight Committee, an Implementation Committee and",•,Waste generated (waste directed and waste diverted).,,
,an AI Engineering Team. The latter is accountable for the,,,•,Women in executive management
"In FY25, 429 Copilot licenses were issued with a 93.4%",,,,,
,,,Environmental metrics reflect our operational control,,
active user percentage across the Group. The most,technical delivery of each project and comprises Centurians,,,,
,,,,,Social and governance metrics are based on Centuria's
,,,"boundaries, which include assets within listed and unlisted",,
active Copilot usage inside a Microsoft Office app has,"with suitable skillsets, who volunteer to be a member.",,,,
,,,,,employee headcount.
,,,"funds, as well as Centuria's operational footprint as an",,
been Teams followed by Outlook. The platform will be,,,,,