=== Page 2 ===
Acknowledgement of Country 
Our group manages property throughout Australia and New Zealand. 
Centuria pays its respects to the traditional owners of the land in each 
country, to their unique cultures and to their elders past and present.
Contents
About us 4
Welcome  4
Reporting suite 6
FY25 highlights  8
Introduction statement  10
Joint CEOs’ letter  12
About Centuria 14
Our business structure  18
Our value creation model 26
Sustainability at Centuria 28
Governance  28
Our Sustainability Framework  34
Climate change 38
Introduction  38
Climate resilience  40
Energy and emissions 44
Resource and waste 52
Valued stakeholders 56
Introduction  56
Customer and community 58
People and equity 66
Health and wellbeing  72
Responsible business practices 78
Introduction  78
ESG benchmarks   80
Modern slavery 84
Investment approach 88
Corporate directory 95
13-19 CARIBOU DRIVE, DIREK SA 
3 2    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25

=== Page 3 ===
About us
This is Centuria Capital Group’s fifth sustainability 
report, and it covers our operations across both 
Australia and New Zealand for the financial year 
ending 30 June 2025. 
This report supports the Group’s wider reporting efforts encompassing 
Centuria Capital Group (ASX:CNI). We are pleased to share our progress in 
the past 12 months and provide an update on how we are tracking against 
our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives and targets.
For the purposes of this report, ‘the Group’, ‘Centuria’, ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’ 
refer to Centuria Capital Group and its subsidiaries. Centuria Office REIT 
(ASX:COF) and Centuria Industrial REIT (ASX:CIP) are collectively the 
'listed funds'.
We have referred to the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) in this report, highlighting where there is broad themed 
alignment between our Sustainability Framework pillars and specific 
SDGs. The UN SDGs relevant to the Centuria Sustainability Framework 
pillar have been determined based on an internal assessment of the 
Framework's focus areas, their related initiatives, and how they broadly 
align with the principles and targets of the UN SDGs.
Energy, water and waste data disclosed in this report is from assets 
under Centuria’s operational control1 across listed and unlisted funds, 
with any exclusions of data detailed in footnotes. Social and governance 
data (diversity and training metrics) in the report refers to employees of 
Centuria.
For more information on our reporting boundaries, please see our ESG 
Data Summary and Basis of Preparation.
This Sustainability Report contains climate and sustainability-related 
statements and other forward-looking statements, which are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These forward-looking statements 
are not, and should not be considered to be, guarantees, predictions or 
forecasts of future climate or sustainability-related outcomes, financial 
performance or share prices. These statements are subject to change due 
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which 
are beyond CNI's control. 
Readers of this Sustainability Report should not place undue reliance on 
forward-looking statements in light of the significant uncertainty in the data 
and other information, including climate modelling, which limits the extent 
to which they are useful for decision-making, and the many underlying risks 
and assumptions that may cause actual outcomes to differ materially. This 
important information should be read together with the disclaimer on page 
95. Please consider these important disclaimers when reading the forward-
looking statements in this report.Welcome
1. Centuria, CIP and COF have adopted the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting definition of 
operational control, where the corporation has the authority to introduce and implement any or all 
policies for the facility (operating, health and safety, environmental policies). Centuria accounts for 
scope 1 and 2 emissions where we were able to manage the day-to-day operations of an asset or 
part thereof, including the ability to introduce management policies and upgrade plant/equipment.818 BOURKE STREET, DOCKLANDS VICSUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25   About us About us   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25
5 4

=== Page 5 ===
Responsible business practices  
Governance
Valued stakeholders 
Social
FY25 highlights
Centuria NZ released its second year of  
climate-related disclosures, while CNI continues 
voluntary reporting on certain aspects of the ASSB 
S2 climate-related disclosures in Australia.4.2–star NABERS Water SPI rating  
achieved for COF (up from 4.1 stars in FY24).5
New partnership 
established  
with Social Traders.Centuria and COF are targeting the  
elimination of gas and diesel in operations  
where practicable (scope 1) by 2035.1
Allendale Square the first 1970s building in WA to be electrified and one 
of the oldest to earn a 5-star NABERS Indoor Environment base building 
rating.Female  
representation 
increased to 50%  
on the CNI Board 
(up from 43% in FY24), 
including the Chair and 
the Centuria Life Board (up 
from 33% in FY24) and was 
maintained at 50% from FY24 
on the CIP Board.6
Centuria is targeting zero scope 2  
emissions by 2035, with CIP and COF  
targeting 2028.3
Partnership  
with T wo Good Co 
enhanced with 
products rolled out 
across 32 assets.
1. Centuria and COF will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by Centuria and COF. Gas and diesel equipment 
owned and operated by our tenants is excluded from Centuria’s emission reduction target.
2. 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk Victoria and 50-64 Mirage Road, Direk Victoria.
3. Centuria, CIP and COF will account for zero scope 2 GHG emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity through a combination of on-
site solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall 
under the operational control of CNI, CIP and COF. See page 44 for further detail.
4. Achieved through the purchase of GreenPower and large scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption.
5. NABERS Energy and Water SPI ratings for the period 1 July 2024 – 30 June 2025.
6. Includes employees in Australia and New Zealand, as well as contracted personnel employed through a third-party provider in Manila.
7. 5 star Green Star Buildings v1 targeted for 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk Victoria and 50-64 Mirage Road, Direk Victoria.A new governance, risk and  
compliance system rolled out. 
c. $500,000 raised 
with community 
groups and charities 
and spent c.$280,000 
with certified social 
enterprises.CIP and COF portfolios are targeting  
Green Star Performance v2.0 ratings.
Strong 2025 GRESB results: CIP 71 points  
(2 stars) and COF 87 points (4 stars).
92% of Centurians  
surveyed are proud  
to work at Centuria.6Employees completed c. 2,000 courses  
across compliance competencies, risk and safety .6
All CIP developments are targeting  
5 Star Green Star ratings, with two  
developments commenced.7Climate change  
Environment
10 of COF’s 19   
assets electrified.Two all-electric design CIP developments  
commenced construction2
6-star NABERS Energy pilot Shopping Centres Co-Assess Rating awarded 
to Gwelup Shopping Centre.
Our corporate offices sourced the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity.4
5-star NABERS Energy Sustainable Portfolio Index (SPI) rating  
maintained for COF.5SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25   FY25 highlights FY25 highlights   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25
9 8

=== Page 7 ===
With more than $20.6 billion assets under 
management as at 30 June 2025, Centuria 
continued to benefit from our diversified portfolio 
and strategic approach throughout the last 12 
months.  Improved market conditions enabled 
Centuria to outperform on its initial FY25 earnings 
guidance and position the Group to commence 
FY26 with a double-digit earnings growth 
forecast. The Group has a major, ongoing focus 
on driving attractive earnings growth for Centuria 
securityholders, while striving to create shared value 
with our stakeholders through our ESG initiatives.Joint CEOs’ letterA changing climate
Centuria’s decarbonisation journey continued this year, 
as we worked on our emissions reduction targets of 
eliminating gas and diesel in operations where practicable 
for Centuria and COF by 2035,1 and targeting zero scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2035 for Centuria and 2028 
for CIP and COF.2
Achievements included COF completing the electrification 
of ten buildings, meaning that more than half of its portfolio 
is now all-electric. 
Valued stakeholders
Centuria’s strong track record of supporting our 
local communities continued in FY25, through a host 
of fundraising and volunteering initiatives – from 
conservation work in NZ to a record-breaking trivia night 
in aid of St Lucy’s School, Sydney (a school for students 
with disabilities). Collectively, we raised c.$500,000 
in donations for our nominated community groups and 
charities. On the tenant engagement front, more than 60 
tenant activations throughout the year lent support to 
a spectrum of organisations and causes, enriching our 
tenant experience in the process.
Having enhanced our procurement capabilities in FY25, 
we are bringing greater strategic focus to harnessing 
our purchasing power for good. Social procurement is a 
growing theme, with more than $75,000 spent with our 
partner, Two Good Co, and an additional $205,000 spent 
with other certified social enterprises. We also became 
members of Social Traders, a leading industry body that 
connects businesses with social enterprise for mutual 
benefit. 
With our employee engagement on the rise (81% 
compared to 77% in FY243), we are proud to see our 
investment in diversity, equity and inclusion reflected in 
our positive workplace culture, with 92%3 of employees 
proud to work at Centuria. In FY25, there was strong uptake 
of both our new health and wellbeing platform, Sonder, and 
our online development offering, LinkedIn Learning – both 
of which were introduced in FY24. Responsible business practices
In FY25, we demonstrated our efforts to utilise ESG 
benchmarks, both to assess and showcase our buildings 
and to gain insights on optimisation of current assets. 
Currently in development are two Centuria industrial 
projects that are targeting 5 Star Green Star Building v1.0 
ratings: 13-19 Caribou Drive, Direk SA and 50-64 Mirage 
Road, Direk SA. We are also continuing to participate in 
industry pilot ratings, with a 6 star NABERS Energy rating 
achieved under the Shopping Centres Co-Assess platform. 
During the period, Centuria began to build a 
complementary technology division to its real estate 
platform through a 50% investment in ResetData Pty 
Limited (ResetData), a next-generation cloud services and 
AI provider.
Modern slavery risk is an area we continue to work to 
further mature our approach, both in the context of our 
operations and our complex supply chains. Strategic and 
systematic risk mitigation is also a theme across Centuria’s 
cybersecurity and data privacy, where we continue to 
enhance our tools and processes – especially regarding AI 
use.
Looking forward
As our operating environment continues to change, 
Centuria’s approach to sustainability will keep adjusting 
in response, supporting the continued relevance of our 
ESG activities. As we continue to work towards our targets, 
we thank you for your continued interest in Centuria’s 
sustainability journey and look forward to updating you on 
our future progress.
       
John McBain         Jason Huljich  
Joint CEO        Joint CEO 
818 BOURKE STREET, DOCKLANDS VIC
1. Centuria and COF will focus on eliminating gas and diesel where practicable, from equipment owned and operated by the Centuria and COF. Gas and diesel equipment 
owned and operated by our tenants is excluded from Centuria’s emission reduction target.
2. Centuria, CIP and COF will account for zero scope 2 emissions by being powered by the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity through a combination of on-site 
solar and large-scale generation certificate deals which match our consumption. The zero scope 2 target applies to scope 2 emissions for existing assets that fall 
under the operational control of CNI, CIP and COF. See page 42 for further detail.
3. Includes employees in Australia and New Zealand, as well as contracted personnel employed through a third-party provider in Manila.Joint CEOs’ letter   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25
13 12SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY25   Joint CEOs’ letter