=== Page 13 ===
• Launched the Cochlear™ 
Nucleus® Nexa® Implant, 
Nucleus Kanso® 3 Nexa and 
Kanso® 3 Sound Processors and 
Baha® 7 Sound Processor and 
Baha SoundBand™
• Maintained >60% global market 
share
• Milestones reached on product 
and services pipeline
• Commenced the drug eluting 
electrode pivotal studyA lifetime of  
hearing solutionsFY25 highlights 
In FY25, we helped over 53,000 people hear with one – or two – of our cochlear or acoustic implants, providing an estimated 
net societal benefit of more than $9 billion over the lifetime of the recipients from improved health outcomes, educational cost 
savings and productivity gains.1
* Constant currency. ** Excluding one-off and non-recurring items. *** Excludes US based employees.• Continued focus on shaping 
our culture through training 
and leadership development 
programs
• Employee engagement 
maintained at 80%
• Key transformation program 
milestones delivered for new 
ERP and manufacturing systems• Completed and externally 
assured our Scope 3 inventory
• Used 99% renewable energy 
across our manufacturing 
facilities
• Achieved our FY25 target, 
reducing our business flight per 
full-time employee by 40% and 
our flight emissions by 50%, 
from our FY19 baseline
• Progressing towards 
compliance with upcoming 
mandatory sustainability 
reporting requirements• Delivered record sales revenue, 
up 4% (3% in CC*)
• Underlying net profit** up 1%
• Full year dividends up 5%
• Quality objectives and 
enterprise risk management 
framework targets met
• Manufacturing capacity 
expansion to planThriving  
peopleEnvironmental  
responsibilitySustained  
value
• Helped over 53,000 more 
people to hear with a cochlear 
or acoustic implant, and 
delivered latest generation 
sound processors to over 
46,000 prior generation 
cochlear implant recipients
• Progress made in strengthening 
the referral pathway for adults 
• Adults and seniors segment 
growth of ~10%
• Emerging markets cochlear 
implant unit growth of >20%A healthier and more 
productive society
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
13
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only

=== Page 15 ===
Commitment to investment in R&D
Our market-leading technology underpins our global market 
share of over 60%3. In FY25, we continued to lift our investment 
in R&D, investing a record $292 million, or 12% of sales revenue. 
We launched new products, made great advancements in our 
product and services pipeline and commenced our drug eluting 
electrode pivotal studies.  
By delivering our latest sound processor upgrade technology 
to our recipient base, we helped over 46,000 of our prior 
generation cochlear implant recipients to hear better, improving 
their hearing and quality of life.
Empowering growth through culture and 
sustainability 
Our people are at the heart of everything we do—their skills, 
passion, and commitment are essential to driving innovation, 
delivering exceptional outcomes for our customers, and building 
a resilient, future-ready organisation. 
To support our business growth, we have actively strengthened 
our organisational culture by investing in targeted training, 
leadership development, and employee empowerment 
initiatives. These efforts have resulted in sustained employee 
engagement at 80%, reflecting a workforce that is motivated, 
aligned with our purpose, and equipped to contribute 
meaningfully to our success. 
This year we also achieved significant milestones towards 
our net-zero emissions objectives. We completed our Scope 
3 emissions inventory, disclosing the outcomes for the first 
time. We are now better able to understand the key sources of 
emissions so that we can focus our reduction initiatives.Strengthening governance through Board 
renewal
We have continued to refresh our Board, welcoming new 
directors who bring diverse perspectives and relevant expertise, 
while preserving continuity and corporate knowledge. As 
part of this renewal, long-serving director Glen Boreham AM 
will retire from the Board in October, following a decade of 
dedicated service. 
We are pleased to announce that Richard Freudenstein will 
join the Board on 25 August 2025. Richard brings extensive 
experience in leading complex, regulated businesses and 
driving transformation across both emerging and established 
enterprises.
Delivering shareholder value
In FY25, sales revenue increased by 4% to $2,356 million, driven 
by strong growth in Cochlear and Acoustic implants. This 
growth was moderated by a decline in Services revenue.
Underlying net profit rose by 1% to $392 million, landing within 
the revised guidance range announced in June. Despite a 
more challenging year in our Services business, this result 
demonstrates the resilience of our core business and disciplined 
financial management.
Our balance sheet remains robust, with net cash of $276 million, 
providing the flexibility to fund strategic investments, support 
innovation, and deliver returns to shareholders.
Reflecting our confidence in the business and commitment to 
shareholder value, full-year dividends increased by 5% to $4.30 
per share, representing a 72% payout of underlying net profit.
Scot, Nucleus System recipient
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
15
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only

=== Page 20 ===
Environmental responsibility 
We are advancing our net-zero strategy, enhancing emissions transparency, and embedding sustainability more broadly 
across our operations and product development.
Pathway to net-zero carbon emissions
We continue to make good progress towards our net-zero targets. We have reduced Scope 
1 and 2 emissions by 71% from our FY19 baseline by increasing renewable energy use at our 
manufacturing sites. We reached 99% renewable energy at our manufacturing facilities, using 
100% renewable energy in five of our six facilities. And we reduced the number of flights taken 
per full time employee by 40% from our FY19 baseline.
We disclosed our Scope 3 emissions inventory for the first time, enabling us to better 
understand the key sources of emissions so that we can focus our reduction initiatives. The 
distribution of products to customers and business travel contributes the vast majority of 
emissions, representing around 70% of all emissions.
We are strengthening our collaboration with freight partners to advance low-carbon logistics 
and improve coordination of freight movements. We are also optimising shipping routes and 
streamlining the direct sourcing of key components, significantly reducing travel distances and 
eliminating intermediate transit steps for certain products.
Sustainable packaging
The Nucleus Nexa System packaging features a sustainable paper-based design that reflects 
our commitment to reducing environmental impact. Recyclable and designed to minimise 
plastic use and waste, the new packaging delivers the high level of product protection required 
to safely and securely deliver our sound processor activation kits, while aligning with our 
broader sustainability goals.Scope 3 assured  
and reported
Consistent business 
flights reduction
Mandatory reporting 
readinessCross-functional  
sustainable innovationEnvironmental milestones
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
20
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only

=== Page 30 ===
Retain market  
leadership
• Deliver compelling products 
and services
• Support recipient access to 
latest technology
• Maintain our lead in sales 
excellence and customer 
service
• Maintain high standards of 
product quality, safety and 
reliability
 
 
A lifetime of  
hearing solutionsGrow the hearing  
implant market
• Strengthen the referral 
pathway for adults
• Develop the acoustic implant 
segment
• Broaden reimbursement and 
improve indications
• Expand access in emerging 
markets
 
 
A healthier and more 
productive societyStrategic priorities
Our strategic priorities determine how we focus our time and resources to create value. Over the coming years we are 
focusing our efforts on delivering value across the following initiatives:
Build a stronger 
organisation
• Strengthen and nurture 
a culture of aspiration, 
achievement, experimentation 
and enterprise mindset
• Attract, develop and retain 
world-class talent
• Support the engagement, 
wellness and safety of our 
teams
• Enhance global collaboration 
and performanceMinimise  
environmental impact
• Advance the implementation 
of initiatives to reduce our 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon 
emissions
• Embed sustainability into 
product design, development 
and manufacturing
• Deliver a global approach to 
managing the environmental 
impacts of packaging and 
wasteConsistent and 
sustainable growth
• Deliver sustainable financial 
returns
• Improve efficiency and agility
• Maintain high levels of 
corporate governance 
• Ensure our supply chain is 
ethical and sustainable
• Vigilance around data security 
and privacy
 
 
Thriving  
people 
 
Environmental  
responsibility 
 
Sustained  
value
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
30
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only

=== Page 60 ===
Environmental responsibility
We are committed to promoting the sustainable use of natural resources and are implementing initiatives to reduce our 
environmental footprint.
Sustainability is integrated into our operations, processes and procedures. We are aligning 
our environmental initiatives to global sustainability reporting regulations and customer 
requirements.
We consider the environmental impact of our product development, manufacturing, packaging 
and logistics and are committed to using natural resources responsibly and efficiently.
To support our carbon reduction goals, we are advancing initiatives focused on increasing 
renewable energy use at our sites and reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We are also minimising 
emissions from business travel and, for the first time, disclosing our full Scope 3 emissions 
profile.
Addressing climate-related risks is part of our risk management strategy. This year, we updated 
our qualitative scenario assessment to reflect the significance of climate risks and opportunities 
for our business. 
This section outlines the initiatives and processes we have established to drive our progress 
towards our targets.
 Our target 
Net-zero carbon emissions in our operations by 2030 and  
across our value chain by 2050
Minimise environmental impact
• Advance the implementation of initiatives to reduce our Scope 1, 2 and 
3 carbon emissions
• Embed sustainability into product design, development and manufacturing
• Deliver a global approach to managing the environmental impacts of packaging
How the planet benefits
• Climate change mitigation and resilience
• Conservation of natural resources
• Reduced pollution and waste
• Healthier communities
Relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals
Strategic priorities
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
60
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only

=== Page 61 ===
FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25Our pathway to net-zero emissions
We are actively participating in the global effort to address climate change and are using climate science to better understand 
our impacts and shape our strategy.
Our climate-related strategy
We have established short, medium and long-term Greenhouse 
Gases (GHG) emission reduction targets that are aligned with 
climate science. These targets reflect our commitment to 
supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy.
2025 • 25% reduction in our absolute 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
• 50% reduction in business flight 
emissionsAchieved
2030 • Net-zero emissions in our 
operations (Scope 1 and 2)On track
2050 • Net-zero emissions across our 
value chain (Scope 1, 2 and 3)On track
Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Efficiency initiatives are a key component of our strategy. 
We have continued to use renewable energy at our key sites, 
achieving an overall rate of 81% renewable electricity globally. 
These efforts ensure we remain on track to reach net-zero 
emissions by 2030, with minimal reliance on offsets.
 
 
 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities account for approximately 70% 
of our purchased electricity consumption and nearly 25% of 
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Since 2019, we have achieved a 
71% reduction in these emissions, surpassing our 2025 target, 
primarily through our transition to renewable energy. 
In FY25, 99% of the energy used at our manufacturing sites came 
from renewable sources. Notably, five out of our six facilities now 
operate on 100% renewable energy. We are actively working to 
expand renewable energy use across all locations. 
We remain committed to reducing our dependence on fossil fuels 
and enhancing energy efficiency across our operations. At our 
Lane Cove site, our solar system continues to make a meaningful 
contribution to the site’s overall energy use. 
This year, our solar panels in Brisbane became fully operational, 
supporting the site’s energy needs. At our Gothenburg site, 
a comprehensive upgrade to the heating, ventilation and air 
conditioning systems was completed, significantly improving 
energy performance and operational efficiency.
Our historical emissions and energy use data are available in the 
Sustainability data appendix.Renewable energy in our operations
Scope 1 and 2 emissions roadmap
tCO2e
Emissions trajectory aligned with our reduction targetFY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY26 FY27 FY28 FY29 FY3010,2349,67412,267
8,945
3,316 3,04052% 79% 81% 81%
2,931
Cochlear Limited Annual Report 2025
61
ContentsOur  
companyReview of  
FY25Strategy and value 
creationFinancial               
performance Governance                  
and riskFinancial          
statementsAdditional      
informationFor personal use only