=== Page 3 ===
Forward-looking statements 
This report contains forward-looking statements 
in relation to Coles Group Limited 
(‘the Company’) and its controlled entities 
(together, ‘Coles’, ‘Coles Group’, or ‘the 
Group’), including statements regarding the 
Group’s intent, belief, goals, objectives, 
opinions, initiatives, commitments or current 
expectations with respect to the Group’s 
business, market and financial conditions, 
results of operations and risk management 
practices. Forward-looking statements can 
generally be identified by the use of words such 
as ‘forecast’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘will’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘may’, ‘believe’, ‘should’, ‘expect’, ‘intend’, 
‘outlook’, ‘guidance’, ‘likely’, ‘aim’, ‘aspire’ 
and other similar expressions. Similarly, 
statements that describe the Group’s 
objectives, plans, goals or expectations 
are forward -looking statements.
Any forward-looking statements are based 
on the Group’s current knowledge and 
assumptions as at the date of this report. 
They are not guarantees or predictions of future 
performance or outcomes and the Group does 
not give any assurance that the assumptions 
will be correct. The forward -looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions, many of which are beyond 
the control of the Group, that could cause the 
actual outcomes to be materially different from 
the relevant statements. Factors that may affect 
forward-looking statements include legal and 
regulatory change, industry competition, 
changes to consumer behaviour, technological 
changes and economic and geopolitical 
factors, including global market conditions.Readers should not place undue reliance 
on forward-looking statements and such 
statements should be considered together 
with the risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions associated with the relevant 
statements particularly given the inherent 
unpredictability of future policy, market, 
and technological developments. Except as 
required by applicable laws or regulations, 
the Group does not undertake to publicly 
update, review or revise any of the 
forward -looking statements in this report or to 
advise of any change in assumptions on which 
any such statement is based. Past performance 
cannot be relied on as a guide for future 
performance. This document may contain 
statements that have been prepared by Coles 
on the basis of information from publicly 
available sources, and other third-party 
sources, and this information has not been 
verified by the Group. The Group does not 
make any representation or warranty as to the 
currency, accuracy, reliability or completeness 
of such information in this report. 
This report also includes forward-looking 
statements regarding climate change 
including energy transition and other 
environmental scenarios. The long-term nature 
of sustainability targets also means related 
forward-looking statements are inherently 
uncertain and should not be relied upon, as 
outlined above.Report scope
Unless otherwise stated, this Sustainability Report 
covers the period 1 July 2024 to 29 June 2025 
(FY25) for the Group. This is our retail 
calendar, a reporting calendar based on 
a defined number of weeks, with the annual 
reporting period ending on the last Sunday 
in June.
The report focuses on topics that matter 
most to our stakeholders and our business, 
as determined through our 2025 materiality 
assessment, detailed on page 10.
This report has been prepared in 
accordance with the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI 1: Foundation 2021). Our 2025 
Sustainability data pack (available at 
colesgroup.com.au/sustainability) includes 
the GRI Content Index for this report, as well 
as our alignment with the United Nations 
(UN) Global Compact Principles and the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Ernst & Young (EY) has provided 
independent limited assurance1 in respect 
of this report, including considering 
whether the appropriate indicators have 
been reported in accordance with GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards. 
A copy of EY’s independent assurance 
report is on pages 71 to 74.
1.  With the exception being greenhouse gas and energy metrics, which are subject to reasonable assurance.Report boundary 
In this report, the terms ‘Coles’, ‘the Group’, 
‘Coles Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, 
‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to Coles 
Group Limited and its controlled entities. 
This report contains information for Coles 
Group Limited and its controlled entities 
collectively during FY25 (unless 
otherwise stated). 
Refer to pages 67–70 in 
the Appendix for a glossary of 
terms included in this report.
Feedback
We welcome feedback on this report. 
For more information or to provide 
comments, please contact us at 
sustainability@coles.com.au
Coles Group 2025 Sustainability Report3
Overview
Climate
Nature
Circularity
Foundational pillars
Appendix
Ernst & Young assurance report

=== Page 4 ===
Pictured: Coles Livestock Buyer Campbell Nettleton with 
Kent Rochester from K&M Farming. Beef producers, Kent and 
Michelle Rochester were awarded a Coles Nurture Fund 
grant to expand their eShepherd virtual fencing program.FY25 sustainability snapshot 
1. Renewable electricity percentage includes voluntary large-scale generation certificate (LGC) surrendered by us, renewable power percentage (RPP), 
jurisdictional renewable power percentage (JRPP) and onsite solar within Coles’ operational control. The JRPP is only applicable in the Australian Capital Territory, 
where the electricity supply is legislated to be 100% renewable. For all other Australian jurisdictions, the RPP is used to represent the renewable content of grid 
electricity unless specific renewable procurement (e.g. LGC surrender) is demonstrated. FY25 electricity consumption includes one month of estimated data 
(based on meter data or weighted averages of actuals) and 11 months of actual data. — 2. Excludes liquid waste except high-strength sludges (which contain 
a high proportion of solids) and liquids diverted for use as food (such as donations to SecondBite and farmers). — 3. Coles uses SBTi’s Supplier Engagement 
Guidance  to assess whether a supplier’s emissions reduction target is science-based. This guidance defines the key criteria that includes, but is not limited to: 
a) target boundary (coverage of scopes, emission types and subsidiaries), b) target coverage (≥95% of scope 1 and 2 emissions, ≥67% near-term Scope 3 and ≥90% 
long -term Scope 3), c) target type (absolute, intensity, or engagement), d) base year (≥2015), e) target year (near-term maximum 10 years and long-term maximum 
2050), f) target reduction/ambition (Scope 1 and 2 1.5°C, Scope 3 near-term well below 2°C and long-term 1.5°C). — 4. Based on packaging data overlaid with 
unit sales over a 52-week period until June 2025. — 5. FY25 Scope 1 emissions and Scope 2 emissions include one month of estimated data (based on meter data 
or weighted averages of actuals) and 11 months of actual data and is calculated on a Scope 2 market-based methodology using LGCs. Coles has not relied on the 
use of carbon offsets for the achievement of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction. — 6. In addition to unsold edible food, these figures also include bulk food 
and grocery donations to SecondBite and Foodbank.  — 7. Leadership positions comprises the Executive Leadership Team, general managers, team members 
pay grade eight and above and supermarket store managers. Pay grade eight and above includes middle managers and specialist roles. — 8. Based on results 
of our May 2025 mysay  team member engagement survey (69% participation).100 %
renewable electricity1 sourced 
for our operations88.0%
of total solid waste2 
diverted from landfill42.3%
of suppliers have set Scope 1 
and 2 science-based3 
emissions reduction targets
42.7%
women in leadership roles7Awarded
Platinum Status 
in the Australian 
Workplace Equality Index (AWEI)3.5%
of team members8 identify 
as Aboriginal or Torres 
Strait Islander39.1m
equivalent meals donated to 
SecondBite and Foodbank687.6%
of packaging across Coles Own 
Brand and Coles Liquor Own 
Brand is recyclable471.4%
reduction in combined Scope 1 
and 2 emissions from FY24 
(81.3% reduction from FY20 
baseline year)5
Coles Group 2025 Sustainability Report4
Overview
FY25 sustainability snapshot
Message from our Chairman 
and CEO
Our business and strategy
Our approach to sustainability
What matters most
Stakeholder engagement
Climate
Nature
Circularity
Foundational pillars
Appendix
Ernst & Young assurance report

=== Page 5 ===
Message from our Chairman and CEO 
In FY25, we have refreshed our 
sustainability strategy, incorporating an 
extended strategic focus out to FY30 on 
three key environmental pillars – climate, 
nature and circularity. These are the areas 
where we aim to have the most significant 
impact, and which we see as helping to 
enhance long-term business resilience. 
Importantly, our work under these pillars is 
supported by our ongoing commitment to 
human rights, enable and develop teams; 
diversity and inclusion, health, safety and 
wellbeing, community support and healthy, 
safe and affordable food.We are pleased to share with you Coles Group’s 
Sustainability Report for FY25, which details the progress 
we have made against the key areas of our sustainability 
strategy this past financial year. 
1. For more detail on our emissions reduction and renewable electricity targets, refer to pages 14–15 of this report. — 2. For more 
detail on our community contributions, refer to page 51 of this report. — 3. On a three-year rolling basis in the 2024 Giving Large 
report from Strive Philanthropy.We acknowledge our shareholders have 
provided feedback that they would like to 
see increased reporting on nature impacts, 
including deforestation and salmon farming,  
and we have included more information on 
these topics in this report. 
Within our circularity pillar, we are focused 
on reducing waste across our value chain, 
in collaboration with our industry partners, 
suppliers, producers and customers. 
Reducing food waste continues to be a priority, 
not only because of its impact on the environment, 
but also because food insecurity continues to 
be something many Australians experience. 
In FY25, we provided the equivalent of 
37.9 million meals to SecondBite and 
1.2 million meals to Foodbank. Coles has 
partnered with SecondBite since 2011, and 
over that time has donated the equivalent of 
296 million meals, as well as the equivalent 
of 47 million meals to Foodbank since 2003.2
Supporting the community 
Our organisational purpose of ‘helping 
Australians eat and live better every day’ 
is reflected in the support we have given 
throughout the year to the communities 
in which we live and work. 
For the fifth consecutive year, Coles placed 
#1 for our contribution to the community as a 
percentage of profit3 – something we could 
only have achieved with the help of our 
customers, team members and suppliers.
This year many parts of Australia experienced 
natural disasters, including multiple floods, 
cyclones and ongoing drought, severely 
impacting local communities. Despite the challenging circumstances, 
our team members stepped in to support 
our suppliers and customers, with some 
tremendous examples shining through 
of team members living our values. 
Overall, we are pleased with the progress 
we have made this year. We know, however, 
there is more to do. Whether it is continuing 
to improve customer satisfaction, reducing 
unnecessary single use plastic packaging 
or making it easier for our customers to shop 
healthier and more affordable food, we are 
committed to maintaining our focus to 
create lasting and positive change. 
Finally, on behalf of the Board and Executive 
team, we would like to thank our team 
members who go above and beyond every 
day to serve our customers and support our 
local communities. You are what makes 
Coles such a great place to work – and 
without you, the many achievements set out in 
this report could not have been made possible. 
Peter Allen
Chairman, Coles Group Limited
Leah Weckert
Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Coles Group LimitedAdvancing our approach to 
climate, nature and circularity 
The objective of our climate  pillar is to 
progress towards decarbonisation of our 
operations and work with our suppliers and 
partners to reduce emissions to drive a more 
resilient food system for Australia. 
This year we met our target to source 100% 
renewable electricity for our operations. 
We also achieved a 71.4% reduction in 
combined Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions (from FY24).1 
We also set a new target this year to 
reduce emissions in our supply chain, 
related to forest, land and agriculture 
(FLAG) sectors. 
With approximately 55% of our total Scope 3 
emissions related to these sectors, this will be 
a key area of activity in the coming years. 
Nature  continues to be an area of focus for 
Coles, as we seek to better understand our 
nature-related impacts and dependencies 
and collaborate with farmers and suppliers 
to drive more climate and nature resilient 
supply chains. 
Coles Group 2025 Sustainability Report5
Overview
FY25 sustainability snapshot
Message from our Chairman 
and CEO
Our business and strategy
Our approach to sustainability
What matters most
Stakeholder engagement
Climate
Nature
Circularity
Foundational pillars
Appendix
Ernst & Young assurance report