=== Page 3 ===
Computershare Sustainability Report 2025 3
Structure of the Sustainability Report 
This report will cover content relating to:
Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and targets
 ›Materiality 
assessment
 ›Frameworks and 
models ›Focus and priorities
 ›Climate-related 
opportunities 
 ›Strategic 
accomplishments ›Climate-related risks 
 ›Material risk 
assessments ›Our carbon footprint
 ›Reporting methodologies and 
data quality
 ›5-year decarbonisation plan 
and tracking against targets
 ›Beyond value chain mitigationIntroduction
Computershare aspires to effect positive change and aims to do the right thing in the 
communities in which we operate by continuing to improve the sustainability of our 
business activities. 
Our commitment
We are committed to; 
 ›Helping create a more sustainable and equitable future 
with shared value for our employees, clients, suppliers, 
shareholders, community and the environment.
 ›Identifying climate opportunities and mitigating 
climate-related risks as part of our core strategic 
priorities and day-to-day operations, in line with our 
company values.
This year’s Sustainability Report has been prepared in 
alignment with voluntary and external frameworks, including 
ISO 14064, and those developed by bodies such as the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), GHG 
Protocol, Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), and the  
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Data included within this Sustainability Report is for the 
financial year ended 30 June 2025.We are working towards alignment with the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS). For the 
year ending 30 June 2026, Computershare will report 
in accordance with the mandatory climate reporting 
requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), and 
ASRS issued by the Australian Accounting Standard 
Board (AASB).
Materiality assessment
Computershare’s internal materiality assessment has 
identified the following topics as potential priorities:
 ›Net Zero, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate
 ›Energy management
 ›Sustainable products and services
These sustainability topics have been embedded within 
our five-year sustainability strategy, which is regularly 
reviewed by our Board.

=== Page 4 ===
Computershare Sustainability Report 2025 4
IntRoductIon
FY25 Year in focus
In our 2024 ESG Report, we listed the following priorities for the FY25 reporting period. This table provides a progress update:
1Preparing for the implementation and 
governance of the new mandatory 
reporting standards (ASRS) required 
for FY26 In progressCompleted scenario analysis on climate-related risks 
and opportunities. 
Developed protocols to support governance models. 
Changed internal management reporting approach 
to begin transition to ASRS standards.
2Ongoing implementation of our Net 
Zero program (update on five-year 
decarbonisation plan)In progressContinued work on our identified hotspot areas.
3Agree on a third-party assurance 
program for our FY25 greenhouse gas 
data/carbon footprint measurementCompleteReviewed reporting approach for Scopes 1 and 2 in 
line with ASRS Disclosures. 
Computershare’s Internal Audit team completed a 
validation review of the FY25 carbon footprint data.
4Further our materiality assessment 
by incorporating external stakeholder 
engagementIn progressWork is due to be completed during FY26 in 
readiness for mandatory climate reporting (ASRS). 
5Increased supply-chain management 
and supplier engagement in relation to 
carbon dataIn progressIncreased the coverage of supplier carbon data 
in relation to our total purchased goods and 
services spend (from ~36% in FY24 to ~50% 
in FY25) to improve the quality of our Scope 3 
emissions reporting. 
Over FY26, we aim to enhance our climate focus by:
 ›Completing our implementation of new mandatory ASRS requirements and preparation for FY26 disclosures 
 ›Ongoing implementation of our Net Zero program (including our five-year decarbonisation plan) Continuing to develop 
and embed our supplier engagement program
 ›Continuing to develop and embed our supplier engagement program
 ›Continuing to improve the quality of our carbon data and calculation methodology

=== Page 7 ===
Computershare Sustainability Report 2025 7GoveRnAnce
Assurance Model
Computershare has a dedicated Internal Audit function led 
by the Chief Audit Executive, who has a reporting line to 
the Chair of the Risk and Audit Committee. Internal Audit is 
authorised to audit, and has full and unrestricted access 
to, all areas of the Computershare Group without needing 
prior approval. The function’s key responsibilities are to: 
 ›Review and appraise the adequacy, design and 
effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls
 ›Evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk 
management, control and governance processes 
 ›Identify control gaps
All internal audits are conducted in accordance with 
Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal 
Auditing issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA). 
Our Internal Audit team issues written reports that are 
distributed to management, and communicated to the Risk 
and Audit Committee. Where the report identifies specific 
findings and recommendations, the report will include an 
action plan from management to implement appropriate 
corrective action(s) within specific timeframes, which are 
then actively monitored.
Each year, Internal Audit prepares an annual audit plan 
for approval by the Risk and Audit Committee. The plan 
is based on a bottom-up risk assessment of auditable 
Computershare entities (listed in the global audit 
universe) and a top-down review of the enterprise risk 
profile. The audit universe includes entities involved in 
managing and governing sustainability risks. In FY25, two advisory engagements reviewed sustainability 
data governance controls and reported sustainability 
data. The global audit universe is subject to ongoing 
reassessment to determine whether changes to the 
annual audit plan should be made based on the enterprise 
risk profile.  
Computershare also engaged its statutory auditor to 
conduct a readiness assessment of sustainability data 
governance and regulatory ASRS reporting requirements 
for FY25. The Group is in the process of implementing 
responses to findings and recommendations from this 
assessment ahead of formally engaging our statutory 
auditor for limited assurance of greenhouse gas emission 
data and required disclosures for the Group’s FY26 
Sustainability Report, in line with the required assurance 
timelines in Australia.
Executive Remuneration
Computershare continues to evaluate executive 
remuneration to ensure reward is linked to sustainability 
objectives. In FY25, 5% of the CEO and CFO’s objectives 
(and financial outcomes) were linked to ESG-related 
targets. Additionally, our short-term incentive 
schemes for senior management include ESG-related 
performance targets.
Details of the allocation of executive remuneration in 
relation to ESG targets can be found in our Annual Report 
on page 38; our remuneration governance framework can 
be found on page 40.

=== Page 9 ===
Computershare Sustainability Report 2025 9StRA teGy
Sustainability Opportunities
Computershare’s long-term success goes hand-in-hand 
with our success in developing our people, strengthening 
our communities and protecting our environment. 
We’re proud of what we’ve accomplished so far and will 
continue to share our progress as we expand our efforts in 
these areas. 
Key to developing our business and helping us deliver on 
our sustainability goals is our ongoing work to increase 
the levels of digitisation across our products and services, 
reducing reliance on paper and transportation.
Digitalisation and systems are at the core of 
Computershare’s value proposition and are integral to our 
growth strategy. As just one example, Computershare 
is investing in new digital platforms to support Issuer 
Services business. The initial launch saw the introduction 
of Sphere in the USA, delivering an intuitive digital 
platform which provides advanced insights to support 
our Issuer clients deliver on their strategy and regulatory 
requirements. Our intent is to roll this out globally.
Computershare continues to seek opportunities to drive 
growth across our business, including through further 
digitisation   and identification of new clients in line with 
our group business and sustainability strategy. Please 
refer to our Annual Report for more details. 
Strategic accomplishments for FY25
digitisation Initiatives and Growth 
Over the past year, we have embarked on a major project 
to enhance our digital offerings, representing a significant, 
multi-year investment. Our overarching goal is to make it 
easier and more efficient for Issuer Services clients and 
their shareholders to do business with us. 
For instance, we have delivered a range of new product 
features for shareholders, giving them more options to 
transact with us digitally. These include a fully digital share 
transfer service, instant registration when joining Investor 
Centre, a new AI chatbot channel for customer support, 
a new product to access tax information more efficiently, 
and the Investor Centre mobile app, giving shareholders 
instant access to information on the go. Since launching these new digital offerings in the US, 
our largest market, we’ve seen a high take-up rate of 
shareholders taking advantage of these features for 
convenience. As a result, we’ve observed:  
1. Increasing digital Self Service : Customers are 
moving from analogue transactions (paper/mail, and 
phone calls or emails to our employee agents) to new 
digital offerings. Year-on-year, analogue transactions 
have declined by 12%.
2. Reduced consumption of paper: Our new digital 
offerings have significantly reduced the incidence 
of shareholders transacting with us via mail.  
Examples include:
 › A fully digital onboarding journey has reduced 
mailing of  access codes by 41%
 › A new customer journey for digital transfers has 
reduced the number of paper forms being mailed 
by shareholders to complete transfers by 14%
 › The Investor Centre Mobile app allows customers 
instant access to their portfolio, at any time 
from anywhere; this includes access to digital 
statements and tax documents, reducing the 
need for them to receive hard copies
As a consequence of shareholders increasing their 
use of our digital products, we’ve seen a 13% reduction 
(year-on-year) in the overall volume of inbound 
documents, mail and paper.
Sites and equipment
We have initiated a global site rationalisation project 
within our Communication Services business (CCS) that 
will reduce the number of production sites in Australia. 
We also plan to; reduce floor space and further energy 
efficiencies. 
We continue to invest in our print and mail fleets, replacing 
legacy machines that have reached end-of-life with 
more energy and resource efficient equipment resulting 
in fewer machines in operation. Market forces, such 
as regular increases in postage costs and regulatory 
changes, are reducing demand for physical print and mail 
across most of our regional businesses whilst our digital 
offerings are seeing a corresponding increase in demand. 
We expect this will result in Scope 1 emission benefits in 
future periods.

=== Page 13 ===
Computershare Sustainability Report 2025 13
Metrics and targets
Calculating our FY25 carbon footprint 
Computershare engages an external adviser to support 
the annual calculation of our global carbon footprint. 
This process includes any required adjustments 
to previously reported years (or base years) where 
acquisitions, divestitures, data improvements or identified 
data errors result in a change to the calculated total 
footprint that is greater than 5%, exceeding our materiality 
threshold in line with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol.
We first calculated our carbon footprint for the 2020 
calendar year (CY20) and published the results in our 
2021 Annual Report. That same year, we reported a major 
reduction in Scope 2 emissions by purchasing Renewable 
Energy Certificates (RECs), covering 100% of our 
non-renewable electricity consumption across all global 
locations. We have renewed this commitment every 
year since; we will continue to explore opportunities to 
install renewable energy solutions across our portfolio of 
offices globally.
In 2022, we set a target to reach Net Zero by 2042. 
To support this, we recalculated our CY21 footprint to 
include all remaining Scope 3 emissions, as required by 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for Net Zero 
target setting.
Following three consecutive calendar year reports, 
we transitioned to financial year (FY) reporting in FY24 
to align with mandatory climate disclosures under 
the upcoming ASRS, effective from FY26. FY25 marks 
our second year of financial year carbon footprint 
measurement. This alignment ensures consistency in 
year-on-year emissions tracking and science-based target 
reporting. 
FY25 represents a transitional year in strengthening our 
climate governance and preparing for the progressive 
implementation of ASRS requirements. This year’s 
footprint reflects a focus on data quality across all scopes, 
driven by:
 ›Systematic review of source data impacting 
recalculations triggered by an uplift programs in 
procurement.
 ›Improved supplier engagement and access to primary 
emissions data.
 ›Updated methodologies and emission factors, aligned 
with the latest GHG Protocol and DEFRA guidance.These enhancements have led to more accurate and 
representative estimates of GHG emissions. Compared 
to our base year, total emissions (including optional 
categories) increased by 22%. This increase is a direct 
result of Scope 3 emissions, which increased by approx. 
56%. Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by approx. 34% 
and approx. 99% respectively.
Computershare has continued to focus on improving the 
quality and maturity of our data collection. During FY25, 
we have significantly improved our capacity to identify 
Scope 3 emission exposures across our extensive global 
supply chain. Within this category, we identified additional 
supply chain exposures that hadn’t been captured in our 
reporting history, due to system and process limitations; 
for example, exposures arising from IT service activities 
and employee benefits, as opposed to those related to 
computer hardware manufacturers. Our introduction of a 
new financial system during FY24 and FY25 has provided 
greater transparency to components of our spending, and 
has created clearer pathways for categorisation. 
These improvements have enabled us to reassess 
treatment across data sets, identify incomplete areas, and 
improve the quality of our baseline emissions reporting.  
In line with our re-baselining policy and the GHG Protocol, 
any changes to reported emissions greater than 5% due to 
methodology changes will result in re-baselining. We will 
undertake this change and report on it in FY26.
Our carbon footprint for FY25 (1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025) 
was calculated in August 2025 using the most up-to-date 
methodology and data sources. This positions us well for 
the increasing regulatory expectations of ASRS so that 
our emissions reporting remains robust, transparent, and 
actionable.