=== Page 5 ===
In this report
About this report 2
Acknowledgement of Country 4
About CTM 6
Message from the Chair  
and Managing Director 7
About CTM 8
Organisational Structure 9
Role and Responsibilities of the  
Board and Management 10
Environmental, Social and  
Governance Materiality Assessment 11
Sustainability Performance 13
Governance 14
Corporate Governance and  
Code of Conduct 15
Competitive Behaviour and  
Risk Management 17
Impacts of Climate Change 19
Climate Risk Assessment 22
Opportunity Register 23
Supply Chain Management 24
Modern Slavery 24
Data Security and Client Privacy 25
Planet 27
Mitigating Climate Change 28
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions 29
Biodiversity  29Energy Management 30
Sustainable Aviation Fuel 31
People 32
Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 33
Labour Practices 33
Employee Engagement 34
Health, Wellbeing and Safety 35
Training and Development 36
High Potential  
Employees 36
Indigenous Employees 38
Company Awards 39
Prosperity 40
CTM in the Community 41
CTM's Humanitarian Support  44
Product Design, Innovation  
and Stakeholder Engagement 44
Client Welfare 45
Looking Ahead 46
Appendices 47
Appendix A: GRI & UNSDG  
Performance Index 48
Appendix B:  
Materiality Assessment 49
Appendix C: GHG Management 50
Appendix D: Sustainability  
Performance Index 51
5
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24 CORPORATE TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

=== Page 7 ===
On behalf of the Board, we welcome you to CTM’s 
Sustainability Report for FY24, where we outline progress 
against our sustainability strategy and targets. 
CTM is committed to the long-term sustainability of our business 
and has developed a sustainability strategy that encompasses 
factors we believe will support our long-term success. These 
include the ways we interact with our people, customers and 
shareholders; how we reduce our impact on the environment; 
and support the communities in which we operate.
We are on a mission to be travel management leaders in all 
regions in which we operate, using innovative technology 
to improve our customers’ experiences and bring positive 
change to the market. As a business imperative, we are 
driving improvement in our sustainability efforts and looking 
to show progress every year.
This year, we have seen significant evolution in the 
sustainability landscape and an increase in stakeholder 
expectations globally. Our customers, investors, regulators, 
employees and suppliers have made clear to us the 
importance that they place on sustainability- especially 
sustainable travel.
Key improvements CTM has delivered this year
CTM’s sustainability strategy is based on four pillars; 
governance, planet, people and prosperity. This year, our 
key focus has been to ensure our foundations are strong 
and frameworks are in place to support and deliver on key 
commitments. 
We have managed CTM’s sustainability risks and 
opportunities through:
 •A refreshed materiality matrix to ensure the sustainability 
topics most important to our stakeholders are our priority.
 •A gap analysis that prepares CTM for mandatory climate-
related reporting compliance.
 •A review of the climate impact assessment to ensure 
it aligns with the broader business’s risk management 
framework.
 •Scrutiny of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including 
Scope 3 boundary, emissions factors, calculation basis, 
and a third-party verification of our GHG inventory.
We reduced CTM’s environmental impact by: 
 •Embedding CTM’s decarbonisation plan, the Climate 
(net) Positive Program.
 •Achieving 20% renewable source energy for our offices. 
 •Rationalising the office footprint, seeking energy 
efficiencies and better sustainability credentials in new 
tenancy procurement.Throughout the year, we have improved our products to 
help customers reduce the impact of their business travel 
and meet their sustainability goals, including reporting 
obligations and decarbonisation efforts. 
Lastly, we are very proud to have a thriving work 
environment that celebrates diverse experiences and 
perspectives, empowers employees to achieve their 
full potential, and ensures equitable rewards for their 
contributions. 
Looking ahead
The next stage in our sustainability strategy is to prepare 
for mandatory climate-related reporting by enhancing 
our data collection processes, governance structure, risk 
management and strategy. 
Last year, we had planned to make more progress with our 
renewable energy target, however, due to circumstances 
beyond our control needed to meet the target, it has 
prompted us to reconsider our ambition. For the year ahead 
we expect to make more progress, but we have recalibrated 
this target to reflect more measured expectations. 
We thank our customers, employees, investors and all 
our stakeholders for their support, and we look forward to 
delivering value and achieving our commitments into 2025 
and beyond.
Message from the Chair and 
Managing Director
Ewen Crouch AM 
Chairman
Jamie Pherous 
Managing Director
7
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24 CORPORATE TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

=== Page 11 ===
CTM’s sustainability strategy is shaped by the ESG topics 
which are most important to our stakeholders: the CTM 
Board, management, employees, investors and suppliers. During FY24, we refined our materiality assessment to 
reflect changing expectations as summarised in the 
following table.
ESG Topic Movement Justification
Legal & 
RegulationIncreased 
relevance to 
CTMCTM will be a reporting entity under the newly introduced Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS), which represents significant reporting obligations in the 
areas of governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets. CTM is closely 
monitoring this and other emerging sustainability compliance requirements.
Product design Increased 
relevance to 
stakeholdersEvolution in consumer sentiment and in the sustainability regulatory landscape has 
resulted in increased demand for customer carbon emission reporting and technical 
enhancements that support customers’ decarbonisation efforts.  
Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions 
(GHG)Increased 
relevance to 
stakeholders 
and CTMCTM understands there is increased scrutiny over the basis of calculation, 
completeness and accuracy of the GHG inventory from customers, regulators and 
other stakeholders. 
Physical 
impact of 
climate 
change
&
Supply Chain 
ManagementIncreased 
relevance to 
stakeholdersCTM has seen an increase in the volume and depth of sustainability assessments 
conducted by customers who are proactively managing their third-party risks. 
The regulatory environment is also placing additional focus on businesses’ response to 
the impacts of climate change.Environmental, Social and 
Governance Materiality  
Assessment
11
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24 CORPORATE TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

=== Page 12 ===
CTM will continue to prioritise the following topics based on our materiality findings:Appendix BRELEVANT TO CTMRELEVANT TO STAKEHOLDERS
Biodiversity
WaterEnergyPhysical Impact of 
Climate ChangeData Security
Customer Privacy
Labour Practices
Product Design
Social 
Procurement
Supply Chain ManagementSystemic RiskHuman RightsD&IEH&SBusiness Ethics
GHG
Customer WelfareCompetitive BehaviourLegal and RegulationsBusiness Model Resilience
Key: Governance Social Environmental
Data 
SecurityBusiness 
EthicsClient 
PrivacyGHG 
Emissions
12

=== Page 13 ===
Sustainability Performance
GOVERNANCE PEOPLE PROSPERITY PLANET
Roadmap to mandatory 
climate-related 
reportingReview of GHG inventory 
calculation basis and 
Scope 3 boundaryAchieved the middle range 
benchmark for diversity and 
inclusion year-on-yearcharities supported34
95.5%A$407K+Modern Slavery 
StatementThird Party Verification 
of GHG inventoryLeadership  
capability framework 
launched in sponsorships  
and donations
completion of mandatory 
compliance training2 Achieved 20%
renewable energy 
source and supply 
for 2024Global executive 
development program 
delivered Awarded Achievement 
in Sustainability – 
Corporate Booking 
Platform (Lightning) 
2023 and 20243  
Introduced 
Supplier Code of 
ConductGlobal 12-month 
rolling attrition rate has 
improved
2 3.2% in progress. 
3 Awarded by BTN Group’s Business Travel Sustainability Awards Europe
13
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24 CORPORATE TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

=== Page 15 ===
Governance and Compliance
CTM's long-term success depends on meeting key 
stakeholder expectations across planning and performance 
focus areas.
The Board recognises the importance of good corporate 
governance practices to ensure the accountability of the 
Board and management of CTM. 
The Board has delegated responsibility for oversight 
and implementation of CTM’s sustainability, people, 
performance and remuneration strategies to the 
Remuneration and Sustainability Committee (RSC). These 
responsibilities include: 
 •Oversee the establishment of, and periodically monitor 
and review the effectiveness of CTM’s sustainability 
strategies, standards, policies, programs, objectives and 
targets. 
 •Set up and success of CTM’s sustainability strategies, 
standards, policies, programs, objectives and targets. 
 •Monitor the sustainability perspectives of our external 
stakeholders. 
 •Monitor emerging sustainability developments, trends 
and risk areas, including reputational impacts.
 •Oversee the effectiveness of CTM’s Workplace Health & 
Safety (WHS) programs.  
 •Oversee development, execution, and effectiveness of 
strategies, policies, frameworks and initiatives relating to 
human rights, including modern slavery and responsible 
procurement.
 •Review and audit social and labour compliance matters 
of our operations and suppliers.
 •Monitor CTM’s community engagement activities and 
programs.
 •Oversee development, execution and effectiveness of 
strategies, policies, frameworks and initiatives relating to 
the CTM’s environmental performance and its operational 
impact (including supply chain) on the environment, 
including reduction in emissions Scope 1, 2 & 3. •Collaborate with the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) to 
ensure alignment between climate and climate-related 
mitigation activities and the TCFD and any other finance-
required disclosures.
 •Make recommendations to the Board with respect 
to CTM’s Sustainability Report and Modern Slavery 
Statement.
 •Make recommendations to the Board to ensure 
there is no gender or other inappropriate bias in the 
remuneration of KMPs, senior executives or other 
employees. This includes oversight of relevant gender-
focused reporting. 
 •Oversee management’s annual review of CTM’s Equal 
Opportunity and Diversity Policy and recommend any 
proposed changes to the Board.
 •Review CTM’s culture and employee engagement and 
make recommendations for improvement.Corporate Governance and  
Code of Conduct
15
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24 CORPORATE TRAVEL MANAGEMENT

=== Page 22 ===
Climate Risk Assessment
REF RISK DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION MITIGATION MEASURES
TECHNOLOGY RISK
R.1 Reduced demand for products and 
services due to failure to adopt/deploy 
new technology practices/processes.Reduced demand for products and 
services as customers seek to reduce 
carbon emissions through business 
travel.Ensure ongoing development 
of technology that includes 
environmental considerations as CTM's 
strategic approach, placing market-
leading technology in the hands of 
customers to reduce their carbon 
impact from business travel.
Risk:  LOW          Likelihood:  HIGH         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
R.2 Costs associated with the substitution 
of existing products and services with 
lower emissions options.Costs and short-term risk to adopt 
lower carbon emissions alternatives 
including for offices footprint.Ensure that CTM remains informed of 
emerging lower emissions alternatives 
to avoid costs associated with a short-
term substitution.
Risk:  LOW          Likelihood:  HIGH         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
R.3 Unsuccessful investment in new 
technologies.Reduced demand for products and 
services. Costs to adopt/deploy new 
practices and processes.Consulting with key technology 
partners to ensure that products 
invested in have been thoroughly 
assessed.
Risk:  MODERATE         Likelihood:  MEDIUM         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
R.4 Costs to adopt renewable energy for 
offices.Costs of increasing the use of 
renewable energy through 
procurement of green energy from the 
retail grid market.Continued implementation Climate 
(net) Positive Program with specific 
targets to support adopting 100% 
renewable energy.
Risk:  MINOR         Likelihood:  MEDIUM         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
REPUTATIONAL RISK
R.5 Shifts in consumer preferences away 
from traditional modes of travel.Reduced revenue from lack of action 
to mitigate climate risk and decreased 
demand for goods and services.Continuing to engage with customers 
and issue regular customer satisfaction 
surveys to understand their 
preferences over time.
Risk:  MODERATE         Likelihood:  HIGH         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
R.6 Stigmatisation of travel sector. Reduced demand for products and 
services due to a shift in consumer 
preferences leading to reduced capital.Nurturing CTM’s high quality 
reputation to ensure that the 
organisation can withstand any 
changes to industry perception.
Risk:  MODERATE         Likelihood:  HIGH         Time Horizon:  LONG (2030 AND BEYOND)
R.7 Increased stakeholder concern or 
negative stakeholder feedback against 
CTM.Potential negative investor impacts 
and negative impact on business 
planning and management.CTM encourages stakeholder feedback 
to guarantee that should concerns 
arise, they can be addressed swiftly.
Risk:  MODERATE         Likelihood:  MEDIUM         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)
R.8 Local procurement requirements are 
expected.Impact due to lack of local supplier 
engagement to enhance social 
sustainability opportunities within  
the market.CTM engages with local suppliers 
where possible to support the 
communities where the organisation 
operates.
Risk:  MODERATE         Likelihood:  HIGH         Time Horizon:  MEDIUM (2027-2030)TRANSITIONAL RISKS
22