=== Page 6 ===
Since FY18, Civmec has paid A$106.1 million to 
investors in dividends, equivalent to 20.9 cents per 
share (excluding the final dividend of 3.5 cents). The final 
dividend is scheduled to be paid on 24 October 2025.
People 
As always, our people are integral to the continued 
strength and success of our business. Across FY25, 
Civmec directly employed more than 2,800 individuals 
and, when factoring in subcontractors and labour hire, 
that number reached approximately 3,350. Altogether, 
we contributed A$407 million into the Australian 
economy through wages and salaries.
The prioritisation of succession planning and employee 
professional development in recent years has resulted 
in a depth of talent that extends through multiple layers 
of the business. In August, we announced that Bojan 
Cica would take up the role of CFO, a position previously 
held as part of a dual COO/CFO role by Kevin Deery. 
Having been with the company since 2019, Bojan had 
proven himself to be a worthy successor to continue the 
excellent work that Kevin had delivered. To date, Bojan 
has met that expectation, most notably through his 
recent contributions to the acquisition of Luerssen.
In operational roles, the leadership depth that we have 
been developing has also paid dividends, and as we 
worked this year to grow our maintenance division, we 
were able to fill new Operations Manager roles with 
existing employees. These are just a few examples of how our commitment 
to developing strong leaders at all levels ensures we have 
many capable personnel ready to step into opportunities 
as they arise.
I would like to acknowledge our three new independent 
directors who were voted onto the Board at the 2024 
AGM: Mr Ambrose Law, Ms Ong Beng Hong and 
Mr Gary Gray. Their collective experience and far-
reaching business expertise have already brought fresh 
perspectives and valuable insights, and I look forward to 
the input they will continue to have with the Group.  
I would also like to take this opportunity to recognise 
and sincerely thank our previous independent directors 
– Mr Chong Teck Sin, Mr Wong Fook Choy Sunny and 
Mr Douglas Chester – for their unwavering commitment 
and support of the business over the many years of 
their tenure. Their guidance played a significant part in 
shaping the company to what it is today.
This year, we averaged more than 100 apprentices, 
trainees and graduates consistently across the business 
each month, and delivered almost 2,000 units of 
competency training through our in-house Registered 
Training Organisation. Our Graduate Program has gone 
from strength to strength – we now conduct an intake 
every January and June – and I was proud to see several 
talented engineering graduates from previous years’ 
intakes complete the program this year. We remain 
committed to nurturing talent and providing career 
pathways that strengthen both our company and the 
industry more broadly.  We have successfully continued our Veterans’ 
Employment Program, which was officially recognised 
this year with the Department of Veterans’ Affairs naming 
Civmec an ‘Employer of Choice’. Since the program’s 
launch in 2023, we have welcomed many veterans 
whose dedication and values shine through every day. 
Their contributions extend well beyond their own roles, 
influencing teams around them and reinforcing the 
positive culture we work hard to uphold. 
Sustainability 
At Civmec, we know that long-term success is 
dependent on responsible, transparent and ethical 
business practices. Over the past year, we have 
continued to build on our sustainability commitments, 
supporting both established and emerging green 
energy projects, while also working to reduce our own 
environmental impact. 
As I mentioned in last year’s report, our Board has 
endorsed a Net Zero Emissions by 2050 target. I am 
pleased to say we have continued to work towards this 
target and remain focused on cutting our Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions intensity by more than 50% by 2030, 
using 2022 as our baseline. You can find more detail in 
the > Sustainability section of this report. 
Sustainable projects, such as the Christmas Creek 
Green Metal Project awarded by Fortescue in April 2025, 
remain an important part of our business. They allow us 
to contribute to reduced emissions targets and support 
sustainable development through our manufacturing and 
construction expertise. These efforts go hand in hand 
with changes we are making within our own operations, 
such as installing solar panels at our Newcastle facility  
to help lower our carbon footprint. 
Sustainability is an ongoing journey, and I am proud 
of the progress we have made. We are committed to 
staying the course and continuing to play our part in 
building a greener, more sustainable future.Outlook
In many ways, FY25 has reaffirmed our belief in the 
strength and adaptability of the Civmec business. While 
some financial results have not reached previous peaks, 
the fundamentals of our business remain strong – and 
our resolve has only grown. 
Encouragingly, we are seeing increased activity and 
engagement around the government’s proposed 
multi-billion-dollar investment at Henderson and 
Fleet Base West, alongside future naval shipbuilding 
opportunities. The Commonwealth has begun issuing 
expressions of interest (EOIs) and market sounding 
requests, signalling that the outlined infrastructure 
development activity is progressing. These developments 
reinforce Henderson’s strategic importance in national 
defence priorities, and I believe our proven capabilities in 
the defence and infrastructure sectors, combined with 
our location, leave us extremely well placed to play a  
lead role in the multi-billion-dollar defence and 
infrastructure program.  
We have tendered strongly throughout the year,  
with a strong pipeline of prospective work currently  
under review. Our focus going forward will be on 
converting opportunities into secured work, delivering 
to the exceptional standard we are known for, and 
continuing to build value by investing in strategic growth 
areas such as our OEM, defence, and maintenance 
divisions. I believe these pillars will shape the next 
chapter of our growth and help further solidify Civmec’s 
role as one of Australia’s most trusted delivery partners 
across our sectors. 
To our shareholders, thank you for your continued 
confidence in our business. Your support drives us 
forward, and we remain committed to delivering returns 
in a manner that is responsible, sustainable, and 
grounded in long-term value creation. 
To our Board, leadership team, employees, clients, 
suppliers and partners – thank you. Your ongoing effort 
is appreciated and valued. It is a privilege to work 
alongside people who care about what we do and how 
we do it. Together, we can look forward to FY26 with 
determination and optimism. 
James Fitzgerald
Executive Chairman
Executive Chairman’s Statement Executive Chairman’s Statement
WA Premier Roger Cook with Civmec apprenticesSt Patrick’s Community Support Centre  
cheque presentation
Business Overview Operational Review Other Information Financial Report Sustainability
Civmec Annual Report 2025 Civmec Annual Report 2025
9 8

=== Page 19 ===
Along with our work on CD3, we are currently delivering 
two additional car dumpers – CD4 and CD6. These 
projects have benefited from lessons learned during 
CD3, leading to improved fabrication efficiency and more 
ergonomic working arrangements. Notably, we designed 
and constructed dedicated foundations and custom 
fabrication tables for the end rings – an investment that 
was driven by the unique design requirements of the car 
dumpers, and which demonstrates our commitment to 
delivering the best outcomes for our valued clients. 
Fabrication of the 450-tonne (each) CD4 and CD6 units 
is currently underway at our Henderson facility, with 
completion scheduled for FY26 and FY27, respectively.
At our Newcastle facilities, we have continued to 
manufacture dumper trays for clients in the Hunter Valley 
region, which includes welding, assembly, protective 
treatment, assembly and fit out of various types of 
trays. This financial year, we completed 90 full builds, 
equating to approximately eight trays per month. The 
Newcastle team also worked closely with the Henderson 
manufacturing team, supporting west coast construction 
projects. However, reliance on this type of work has 
reduced as Newcastle has become more self-sufficient in 
terms of workshop utilisation. 
New and Extended Contracts
In July 2024, Orora Glass selected Civmec as the 
main contractor for the complete rebuild of its G3 
Glass furnace operation. The project incorporated the 
construction of a new low-carbon, clean-energy glass 
melting furnace to replace the existing gas/air-fired G3 
furnace. A key aspect of the project was collaborating 
with international glass associations to upgrade the G3 
glass furnace to an oxygen-fuelled furnace – an upgrade 
that enables the production of low-carbon wine and 
beer glass containers to support the country’s food and 
beverage industry. The maintenance division delivered 
the complex task of rebuilding the furnace, through both 
the planning and construction phases, with Civmec 
removing 150 tonnes of structural steel and installing 235 
tonnes of replacement steel. Additionally, we removed 
1,200 tonnes of existing refractory lining and replaced it 
with 1,400 tonnes of new lining. The scope also included 
piping, ducting and industrial insulation, requiring the 
skills of our rope access team to perform the works. 
Q3 saw Civmec announce a range of new contracts 
totalling circa A$285 million, including a new shiploader 
for Port Waratah Coal Services (Port Waratah) and the 
refurbishment of another shiploader at the same site. The 
new shiploader will be a critical asset for Port Waratah, 
with Civmec’s scope including design, fabrication, pre-
assembly, shipping and installation of the new shiploader 
at the Kooragang Terminal, as well as removal of the 
existing shiploader that is being replaced.The refurbishment of the second shiploader is a sizeable 
package of critical works and includes various structural 
remediation works, strengthening and replacement 
of mechanical components, and extensive surface 
treatment upgrades.  
Civmec was also awarded a contract for the design and 
construction of field erected tanks and civil concrete 
works for Iluka Resources’ Eneabba rare earths refinery 
– Australia’s first fully-integrated facility for the production 
of separated rare earth oxides. The field erected tanks 
portion of the contract encompasses the design, 
manufacture and construction of 30 tanks of varying 
sizes. Manufacturing of the tanks will be delivered by our 
Henderson manufacturing team, before transportation 
to the Eneabba site for final assembly and installation. 
The onsite civil concrete works portion includes detailed 
excavation, formwork, reinforcement and concrete 
placing for 12,500m³ of concrete for the project. Works 
commenced in May 2025 and are expected to be 
completed in 2H FY26. 
Civmec’s multidisciplinary services will be utilised in 
a contract awarded by Fortescue for the Christmas 
Creek Green Metal Project – namely fabrication and 
construction of civils, and SMPE&I. The project is located 
adjacently to the existing green hydrogen facility and will 
further enhance Fortescue’s move towards green metal 
production to reduce its carbon emissions. 
Works on the project commenced in May 2025. It is 
our latest step forward in our shared journey with our 
clients to meet emission targets and support sustainable 
development.
Maintenance Growth 
Civmec’s maintenance division was awarded several  
new contracts throughout the financial year, reflecting 
our intensified focus on securing maintenance works  
and our recent investments into our Port Hedland  
and Gladstone facilities.   
For our client, Murrin Murrin Operations, we undertook 
a contract to reinstate a transfer tower and conveyor 
system after the previous conveyor system was laid 
waste by fire. A vital component of the Kwinana Bulk 
Jetty infrastructure and critical for our client’s operational 
requirements, it was essential for Civmec to deliver the 
project with precision, speed, and minimal disruption 
to surrounding operations. Recognising the strategic 
importance of the infrastructure, Civmec mobilised 
swiftly in February 2025 and executed a full turnkey 
scope – including civil works, fabrication, SMPEI, surface 
treatment, and commissioning – with the conveyor 
system successfully offloading its first ship at the end 
of August. The successful delivery not only reinstated 
a critical asset, but reinforced Civmec’s reputation for 
reliability under pressure.  Resources Sector Resources Sector
Lithium Refinery Project
construction 
Client Covalent Lithium
Location Kwinana, WA
Duration December 2021 – April 2025
Scope Civmec delivered a wide range of integrated  
services in this major construction contract.  
Key site works involved tank erection, cooler and kiln 
installations, refractory and rubber linings, insulation, 
and concrete slabs. 
Pre-assembly of numerous modules and assemblies 
was completed at our Henderson facility before 
dispatch to site. The team also coordinated logistical 
planning of free issued vendor equipment  
for over 185,000m² of offsite laydowns to assist the 
client and meet schedule demands.
Business Overview Operational Review Other Information Financial Report Sustainability
Civmec Annual Report 2025 Civmec Annual Report 2025
35 34