=== Page 4 ===
Recovering 
resources
CONTAINERS 
PROCESSED VIA CDS 1
224 kt
NSW, QLD, VIC, WA, 
SA, TAS facilities 
FY24 208 kt
PLASTICS  
RECYCLED
24kt
and packed to third 
parties through 
Cleanaway’s central 
commodities  
trading desk
FY24 23 ktPAPER AND 
CARDBOARD  RECYCLED
442 kt
and packed to third parties 
through Cleanaway’s central 
commodities trading desk
FY24 43O kt
WASTE OIL  
RECOVERED
103 ML
collected from customers 
to be processed through 
Cleanaway facilities
FY24 104ML
PERFORMANCE
AT A GLANCE
Protecting the 
environment
ENVIRONMENTAL 
COMPLIANCE
Zero
major or significant 
environmental 
incidents in FY25ENVIRONMENTAL  
TOOLKITS IN PLACE AT
98%
of all licensed 
sites  in FY25ENVIRONMENTAL 
ASSURANCE
88
environmental audits 
conducted in FY25
We play a vital role in enabling 
Australia’s circular economy, working 
with our partners to ensure valuable 
resources are recovered from waste 
streams and returned to the value chain.As a total waste solutions provider, we prioritise 
resource reuse, recycling, and recovery wherever 
possible. When these  options are not feasible, we 
offer safe and responsible, at-scale treatment and 
disposal solutions.
1 Includes JV.
4
1 Calculated using methods prescribed as Method 1 under the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008. 
Cleanaway determines its total net greenhouse gas emissions in line with the 
Australian Government's Corporate Emissions Reduction Transparency (CERT) 
reporting guidelines. For more information please visit ESG data book.
2 Generated by Cleanaway or third parties.
3 TRIFR calculation includes employees, non-permanent labour, contractors, 
large contractors, owner drivers and hours associated with employee leave. 
For more information please visit ESG data book.
4 Female participation figures represent the percentage of active employees 
as at 30 June 2025. Excludes Labour Hire, Directors, Owner Drivers, 
Contractors and Consultants. Determined based on headcount. 
5 A session is defined as a workshop or any similar type of gathering 
regardless of the duration. Sessions include engagement at schools, 
communities  or businesses.
6 An event is an activity where the number of attendees cannot be quantified. 
Events include conference presentations, information stalls and festivals.Reducing 
emissions
ENERGY GENERATED  
FROM LANDFILL  GAS 2
224.7 GWh
FY24 225.3GW hLANDFILL GAS CAPTURED
256.9 Mm 3
from the natural breakdown 
of waste in our landfills
 4% from prior year
FY24 246.7Mm 3
Working 
together
HEALTH AND 
SAFETY
4.7 
Total Recordable 
Injury Frequency 
Rate (TRIFR) 3
FY24 4.6COMMUNITY 
EDUCATION
1,821 
sessions held 
nationally 5
FY24 1,555
FEMALE  
PARTICIPATION 4
26%
 7.2% growth 
from  prior year
FY24 24.3%
COMMUNITY EVENTS
42
events held nationally 6 
Not measured in FY24COMMUNITY  
ENGAGEMENT 
49,922 
people engaged
FY24 32,500+
The goal of net zero compels us all to take 
action to reduce the impacts of climate 
change. Cleanaway is committed to reducing 
our emissions and helping our customers do 
the same.To deliver on our mission requires the 
co-ordinated effort and hard work of 
our people, suppliers and communities. 
Together, we fulfil our purpose of making 
a sustainable future possible  together.
Our people Our community NET SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS 1
1,132 Kt CO2-e
 5% from prior year
FY24 1,191Kt CO2-e
We recovered the equivalent of
8%
of Australia’s total recycled plastic 
processed onshore, supporting local 
circular economy  outcomes. 7We recovered the equivalent of
21%
of Australia’s post-consumer paper 
and paperboard packaging placed 
on market, contributing to national 
circularity targets.We produced 
29ML
of re-refined base oil through our 
facilities, replacing virgin base oil 
in new lubricant formulation. 
We powered the equivalent of
37,000
average Australian homes through 
energy generated from landfill gas.We processed 
14ML
of used cooking oil that can be used as feedstock to produce low-carbon 
fuels such as sustainable aviation fuel and renewable diesel.Our sustainability impacts brought to life
7  Percentage calculation based on measured weight of recovered and sorted plastic meeting a saleable commodity grade that is packed to third 
parties and the Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW) Australian plastics flows and fates reporting.
CLEANAWAY WASTE MANAGEMENT LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
5
PILLAR 4
PILLAR 3
PILLAR 1
OVERVIEW
APPENDIX
PILLAR 2

=== Page 5 ===
FOREWORD FROM CEO
We play an important 
role enabling Australia’s 
evolving circular economy 
and helping our customers 
protect the environment,  
delivering outcomes that 
support a sustainable 
future for all.MAKING A 
SUSTAINABLE 
FUTURE  
POSSIBLE  
TOGETHER
6
  
  At Cleanaway, our people and 
communities are at the heart of 
our purpose: making a sustainable 
future possible together. Because 
in a sustainable future, people 
thrive, the environment is 
protected, and resources are 
used wisely. This report provides 
an update on our progress in 
strengthening and expanding our 
positive environmental and social 
impact over the past 12 months.
Our FY25 safety performance reflects both the 
challenges and progress of implementing our 
comprehensive five-year Health, Safety and Environment 
(HSE) Strategy. I am deeply disappointed to report that 
we experienced three fatalities in our operations during 
the period. On behalf of the Board and Management 
team, we extend our deepest sympathies to the 
families, friends and colleagues affected by these tragic 
events. The health, safety and wellbeing of every single 
member of the Cleanaway team and our contractors is 
fundamental to how we work and these events weighed 
heavily on all of us. 
Two of the fatalities involved driving which remains 
our biggest risk given both the size of our fleet and 
the number of kilometres we drive. As a result, we 
challenged our plans to see whether we could further 
accelerate key elements related to safe driving. We 
will roll-out in-vehicle monitoring systems (IVMS) across 
the fleet during FY26 to promote safer driving and we 
have further accelerated our fleet replacement program 
to ensure our vehicles are equipped with the latest 
safety systems.
Investing in our ability to make a 
sustainable future possible together 
A highlight of FY25 has been our progress in building 
a culture of respect, critical to safely and effectively 
working together with our stakeholders. We reinforced 
our commitment to this journey in February 2025 with 
the launch of Respect 2.0 which has delivered a range 
of training, communication and leadership initiatives.
This was supported by continued engagement with our 
five Guiding Principles and the expansion of our Stronger 
Together safety training to leaders deeper within the 
organisation, who are key to enabling this cultural shift.I’m proud to report we met our net Scope 1 and 2 
emissions reduction target this year and remain on track 
to achieve our 2030 net Scope 1 and 2 emissions targets 
on both methane and a combined GHG basis.
We completed our first Scope 3 emissions assessment, 
reflecting our commitment to climate accountability and 
decarbonisation. Our Scope 3 emissions were estimated 
at 484kt CO2-e, around 30% of our total footprint, with 
key contributors being fuel, transport, landfill use and 
heavy vehicle purchases. Addressing these will take time, 
but this assessment provides a strong foundation for 
future action.
Reflecting our focus and commitment to diversity, 
equity and inclusion, we saw an increase in our overall 
and operational female participation rates. We also 
launched our Innovate Reconciliation Action Plan 
(RAP) 2025 – 2027 in June 2025, and introduced our 
social enterprise and post-incarceration employment 
pathways programs. 
We continued to invest in our ability to increase our 
impact through capacity, innovation and acquisitions. 
In Sydney, our largest metropolitan market, we 
expanded our resource recovery capacity with the 
commissioning of our new material recovery facility 
(MRF) at Rooty Hill and increased food organics and 
garden organics (FOGO) processing at our organics 
processing facility in Eastern Creek. In Melbourne, 
as part of our acquisition of Citywide Services’ waste 
and recycling assets (known as Citywide Waste), we 
have committed to redevelop the Dynon Road, West 
Melbourne transfer station into a state -of-the-art 
facility with double its current capacity. Our partnership 
with Viva Energy is progressing a hard -to-recycle soft 
plastics solution, while the acquisition of Contract 
Resources enhances our capability to manage 
complex waste streams arising from the growing 
decommissioning, decontamination and remediation 
needs of the energy sector. Looking ahead, we remain 
committed to driving sustainable outcomes for 
our customers. 
Thank you to the Cleanaway team, who every day, 
by working with our customers and communities, 
are Making a sustainable future possible together . 
Mark Schubert
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
7
PILLAR 4
PILLAR 3
PILLAR 1
OVERVIEW
APPENDIX
PILLAR 2
CLEANAWAY WASTE MANAGEMENT LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

=== Page 16 ===
PILLAR 3 
These targets, focused on methane, carbon dioxide and combined gross GHG 
emissions,  are aligned with the most conservative 1.5°C scenarios outlined in the 
IPCC’s  Sixth Assessment Report. The methane target supports the Global Methane 
Pledge, reinforcing our dedication to limiting global warming to 1.5°C above 
pre‑industrial levels  by 2100. 
Cleanaway’s targets are benchmarked against our FY22 gross Scope 1 and 2 
emissions  baseline and aim for a 43% reduction in carbon dioxide and a 34% 
reduction  in methane by 2030. These goals can be met on a gross or on a net 
emissions  basis, incorporating:
• Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reported under NGERS
• ACCUs issued from registered abatement projects
• ACCUs and voluntary carbon credits surrendered (credits are only relevant 
for net emissions).
To incentivise achievement of the targets, a long ‑term incentive (LTI) linked to methane 
emissions reduction was introduced in FY23 and remained in place each year since. 
We are proud to be a company delivering emissions reductions and continue 
to tackle  the challenges of doing so, knowing innovation and trial and error 
are essential  to our ability to continue achieving further reductions. In August 2022, we committed to 
taking climate action with the setting 
of science-aligned greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emission reduction targets. 
We remain committed to achieving 
these targets and are progressing 
the actions needed to deliver them.REDUCING 
EMISSIONS
28
Material Topics
Climate risk and opportunity
1.5°C ambition Governance, accountability and transparencyAdvocacy and policy leadership
29
PILLAR 4
PILLAR 3
PILLAR 1
OVERVIEW
APPENDIX
PILLAR 2
CLEANAWAY WASTE MANAGEMENT LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

=== Page 17 ===
REDUCING EMISSIONS
We are proud to report that Cleanaway has exceeded its stretch LTI 
target in FY25 by achieving a gross Scope 1 methane emissions of 
837kt CO2-e, which is 83% of the FY22 gross Scope 1 methane 
emissions baseline. This represents a 17% reduction in gross Scope 
1 methane emissions over three years, and confirms our trajectory 
towards meeting our 2030 methane emissions target.
Our net combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in FY25 were 
aligned with the 1.5oC net combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG target 
of 1,132kt CO2-e. These results were made possible through 
coordinated efforts across engineering, operations, treasury, 
M&A and carbon teams working together to reduce our carbon 
footprint while maximising commercial value.
Our emissions reductions at landfills are partly funded through 
the generation and sales of ACCUs. Our net carbon footprint 
is increased by the amount of ACCUs issued and is decreased 
through the purchase and retirement of Voluntary Carbon 
Market credits.
In FY25, we purchased and retired carbon credits from four 
Gold Standard methane destruction projects located in Brazil, 
Vietnam and India. These projects have positive impacts in the 
following ways:
• Climate impact: All projects meaningfully mitigate 
greenhouse gases by measurable and permanent methane 
capture and destruction from landfills and agricultural waste.
• Community benefits: Provision of clean energy, improved 
health, reduced pollution and economic empowerment are 
common threads across projects.
• Sustainable development:  Activities align with 
multiple SDGs, especially health, clean energy access, 
and climate action.Reducing our GHG emissions 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction graph 
FY30 net GHG
emissions target
838 FY22 Gross GHG Baseline
1,308
FY23 Gross 
GHG emissions
1,187FY25 Gross GHG emissions
1,134
8009001,0001,1001,2001,300
FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY26 FY27 FY28 FY29 FY30GHG emissions, in kt CO2-e
FY25 net GHG emissions 
target achieved 
1,132FY24 Gross 
GHG emissions
1,12217%
3%
13%Gross Methane emissions 
declined compared against 
FY22 baseline
Gross Carbon Dioxide 
emissions declined compared 
against FY22 baseline
Net Combined GHG emissions 
declined compared against 
FY22 baselineFY25 Performance highlights include:
30
Scope 3 emissions
In preparation to report our Scope 3 emissions as part of 
Australia’s evolving mandatory sustainability reporting standards, 
we worked with Australia’s CSIRO to complete our first 
comprehensive upstream Scope 3 assessment using FY24 data. 
Scope 3 emissions capture the indirect emissions that occur across 
an organisation’s entire value chain, including both upstream 
supply chains and downstream product use and disposal.
The aim was to develop and apply a fit-for-purpose, cost-efficient 
method for ongoing annual reporting, using Environmentally 
Extended Input-Output (EEIO) analysis with the AASB S2 
Climate -related Disclosures and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
The initial estimate of Cleanaway’s FY24 Scope 3 emissions is 
484kt CO2-e, representing around 30% of the Group’s combined 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. The assessment identified key 
emissions 'hot spots' including fleet fuel and gas use, transport 
and distribution services, third-party landfill use, and heavy vehicle 
purchase and maintenance.
CSIRO’s recommendations range from embedding climate criteria 
in procurement policy and targeting high methane suppliers, to 
improving input data quality, tracking performance over time, 
and assessing the avoided emissions benefits of recycled materials.
This Scope 3 assessment reflects our commitment to pursue 
decarbonisation through innovation and collaboration as we 
progress our Blueprint 2030 ambition.
Remediated landfill site in Clayton, Victoria.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions  
for FY24 (kt CO2-e)
%
Scope 3 Suppliers’ indirect emissions 19
Scope 3 Suppliers’ emissions 11
Scope 2 3
Scope 1 67308
1,07052176
CLEANAWAY WASTE MANAGEMENT LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
31
PILLAR 4
PILLAR 3
PILLAR 1
OVERVIEW
APPENDIX
PILLAR 2