=== Page 10 ===
Environmental, Social  
& Governance
Our key areas of impact in our  
FY23 reporting period were:
Our People
High-performing, empowered people from diverse backgrounds who thrive 
in our inclusive environment build their own, and our Company’s, success.
Our Wider Impact
Enabling our staff and leveraging our success to 
increase the positive impact we’re collectively making.
Governance
Dicker Data lodges a separate Corporate Governance Statement. To view the latest 
version of this document, please visit the Investor Centre on our website: 
https://www.dickerdata.com.au/investors/policies/CGS
Our Operations
Taking positive steps to reduce our environmental impact and 
increase our environmental awareness with every decision we make.
Our ESG strategy is deeply integrated into our business model 
and corporate culture, guiding our actions and decisions. 
We are dedicated to minimising our environmental footprint, 
fostering a safe, diverse and inclusive workplace, and 
maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. 
The Australian Information Industry Association’s 2023 Tech 
and Sustainability report* underscores the pivotal role of 
technology in achieving emissions targets and sustainable 
outcomes. This further highlights the opportunity for the 
Company and its ecosystem to help ANZ businesses to deliver 
on their sustainability ambitions, using technologies that are 
represented by the Company. The Company is also committed 
to helping its partners further their impact through the use of 
new, advanced technologies, such as Artificial Intelligence.
* AIIA - Tech and Sustainability White Paper 2023.Our commitment to 
Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) principles 
is not just a responsibility, 
but a key driver of our  
long-term success. 
17 18

=== Page 13 ===
As our operations expand 
in both size and scope, we 
maintain a keen awareness 
of the environmental 
implications of our 
business activities. 
We actively bring a 
sustainability perspective 
into our decision-making 
processes, striving to 
embed sustainability as a 
fundamental principle within 
our operational framework. 
Our commitment to reducing 
the environmental impact of our 
operations continued in FY23. This is 
of particular importance as the number 
of shipments dispatched from our warehouses 
across Australia and New Zealand, and those we 
direct ship from our vendors, is growing each year. 
As a member of the Australian Packaging Covenant 
Organisation (APCO), we are actively contributing 
to the development of a circular economy for 
packaging in Australia. In FY23, further reduced 
our reliance on new boxes for outbound shipments, 
building on the progress made in FY22. We are 
committed to assisting the APCO in achieving 
its 2025 goal of ensuring 100% of packaging is 
reusable, recyclable, or compostable, and we 
are committed to recycling all eligible waste 
materials handled by our business. In line with this 
commitment, we have significantly reduced the 
number of single-use plastics and increased our 
use of recycled materials in our shipments.
The Company continued with its waste initiatives 
in the FY23 period. E-waste programs ensured 
decommissioned or damaged technology avoided 
landfill and the Company continued with its efforts 
to separate bio waste generated at its Kurnell 
headquarters, also to ensure that it avoids landfill. 
Recycled cardboard has continued to be used in 
place of traditional petrochemical void fill, and the 
Company is reusing intact, discarded packaging 
materials to reduce our reliance on purchased recycled shipping materials. The Company is also 
working with its partner community on e-waste 
initiatives to create a means for decommissioned 
technology to avoid landfill, which may potentially 
also reward the partner financially in the process. 
The Company complies with the Australian National 
Television and Computer Recycling Scheme 
(NTCRS), and is a member of an approved 
coregulatory e-waste provider. The 
Company is actively working to 
divert hazardous materials from 
landfill and assist in the recovery 
of reuseable materials in a safe 
way. 
The Company’s custom 
designed Kurnell headquarters 
was extended in FY23 with 
warehouse capacity expanded 
to over 39,000m2, representing 
a 70% increase in warehouse 
floorspace and an increase of 
thousands of pallet spaces. The 
expansion was needed to facilitate the 
Company’s continued growth and will enable 
the Company to capitalise on commercial 
opportunities that were previously limited due to 
capacity constraints. Furthermore, the warehouse 
expansion enables the Company to expand its 
vendor portfolio and continue to capitalise on the 
digital transformation requirements of Australian 
businesses. 
To counter the expected increase in power 
consumption generated by the recent warehouse 
expansion, a further 912 additional solar panels 
were installed as part of the build, representing an 
increase of over 130%.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
The Company has commenced tracking its 
greenhouse gas emissions, aligning its reporting to 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, beginning with five 
key areas. They are: 
 zScope One Emissions
 zScope Two Emissions
 zScope Three Emissions
 }Category 1: Purchased goods and services
 } Category 6: Business travel
 } Category 7: Employee commutingThe Company expects to report on these for the FY24 
period and will share the results with shareholders in the 
corresponding Annual Report at the conclusion of the FY24 
period.
Workplace Safety
Workplace safety continues to be a high priority for the 
Company. In 2023, we observed an increase in reported 
incidents compared to previous years, with 10 injuries or 
illnesses, 3 hazards, 22 near misses, and 26 instances 
of damage or loss. However, it’s important to note that 
the rise in reported incidents is a result of our enhanced 
reporting culture rather than a decrease in safety. 
In terms of injuries or illnesses, we saw a 50% decrease in Lost 
Time Injuries (LTI) from 2 in 2022 to 1 in 2023, and no change in 
Medical Treatment Injuries (MTI) year on year, with 2 reported MTIs in 
2022 and 2023. The Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) decreased 
from 2.2 in 2022 to 0.8 in 2023, and the Medically Treated Injury 
Frequency Rate (MTIFR) decreased from 2.2 in 2022 to 1.7 in 2023.
The Company is committed to further 
enhancing its safety culture and ensuring 
safety reporting practices are adhered 
to diligently across the organisation. To 
improve warehouse safety, our team 
has implemented daily Toolbox Talks 
and Safety Walkarounds. Both of 
these have been received well by the 
warehouse teams and are playing a 
key role in furthering our warehouse 
safety.
 
On track for 2025  
goal to ensure
 100% 
of packaging is 
reusable, recyclable, or 
compostable, 912
additional solar panels 
were installed (+130%)
70% 
increase in warehouse 
floorspace.
+ increased capacity for  
thousands of pallets
Our Operations
Third-Party 
Logistics 
delivering a 
partner project
23 24