=== Page 4 ===
•Further improving the traceability of our supply
chain and capacity to address our ESG risksthrough partnering with ImpactBuying B.V.
•Continuing our roll-out of in-store doughproduction, with 100% of Japan, Malaysiaand Singapore stores converted during FY24,completing the transition for all APAC stores. Thisinitiative has reduced carbon emissions and costper product for our stores.
•Continued roll-out of our Global LearningProgramme - Path to Excellence. During FY24,the Netherlands, Germany and Japan all gainedaccess and the remaining markets are expectedto follow in the next 12 months.
•Onboarding additional ESG resources in FY24 tohelp drive sustainability projects and ensure weare on track for mandatory reporting in FY26.
•Initiation of ESG reporting software selection tosupport our journey towards mandatory reportingand continuous improvement of our metrics onour material ESG topics.
Finally, we would like to thank all our team 
members, franchise partners, customers, business 
partners, shareholders and all of our other 
stakeholders for their continued support over the 
past year. Together, we are building a brighter future 
for us all. 
Thank you for being part of our mission to create a 
better slice for everyone.
Sincerely,
Jack Cowin
Chairman
Mark van Dyck
Group CEO and Managing DirectorDear stakeholders,
Sustainability at Domino’
s Pizza Enterprises Ltd 
(DPE) continued to be one of our key focus areas 
during the F24 financial year. 
In this, our fourth Sustainability Report, we are proud 
to share with you the incredible work of our team members in our ongoing journey towards a more sustainable and responsible future.
We live in challenging times globally. As a business, 
we, as well as our customers, are facing increasingly complex environmental and social challenges, and we all have an obligation to act responsibly and contribute to positive change. Sustainability is not just a department within our company; it is at the core of our mission, values and an integral part of our business strategy.
Domino’s for Good, our environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) approach, is how we bring together all of our company-wide ESG initiatives to ensure that the entire business operates in line with our values.
In FY24, we remained strongly committed to our 
goal of net-zero emissions by 2050, continuing to follow the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and its Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) guidance. 
We also achieved a number of other important 
sustainability milestones during the year. These include:
•Taking further steps to ensure responsiblebusiness conduct with our Responsible SourcingPolicy, now signed by over 85% of our globalfood and packaging business partners. Toreinforce this, we published several new keypolicies and statements.CHAIRMAN & CEO 
MESSAGE
Jack CowinMark van Dyck
4 5
DOMINO’S PIZZA ENTERPRISES LTD |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY245
 4
Chairman & CEO m Essag E 4
Chairman & CEO m Essag EChairman & CEO message
Chairman & CEO message

=== Page 6 ===
FY24 KEY HIGHLIGHTS
LET'S KEEP IT SHORT
The Women in Domino's Initiative was launched.
SEVEN FEMALE STORE OR 
REGIONAL MANAGERS across ANZ 
were awarded 
$50,000* 
to contribute towards their first 
Domino’s store.Our responsible sourcing policy was signed by 
85% 
of food and  
packaging suppliers.SEVEN MARKETS 
with no artificial colours and three markets with no artificial flavours.Customers can now  
benefit from an improved 
ordering experience with 
the launch of a 
Simplified Address Search.
This will support a faster 
and more convenient 
address search experience 
for our users.
100%
of our stores in Japan, Malaysia and Singapore
now make dough in-store, 
reducing food deliveries and 
associated CO 2 emissions.  We now have 
company-related 
charities in six 
of our markets, 
with Domino’s 
Foundation in 
the Netherlands 
as the most 
recent addition in 
February 2024.Animal-based proteins 
and dairy accounted for
37%of our total GHG emissions
Domino's for Good Day 
expanded to all markets in FY24, and thanks  
to the generosity of our customers and  
franchise partners, we raised more than 
$592,000* 
to support the communities in which  
we operate.  CARB ON FOOTPRINT FY24:  
1.29 million  
metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
Approximately 
$1.1 MILLION* 
raised across DPE-
related charities 
from Round 
Up, workplace 
giving, donations 
and campaigns.1,127
  FRANCHISE PAR TNERS
across our markets
*  Australian dollars
8
fY24 KEY highlights
DOMINO’S PIZZA ENTERPRISES LTD | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY248 9
fY24 KEY highlightsFY24 Key Highlights
FY24 Key Highlights

=== Page 13 ===
ESG MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
In 2019, we conducted our first ESG materiality assessment to better 
understand our stakeholders’ views on topics that we consider most 
important to us, and identify areas where DPE has an impact on people, 
the economy and the environment. The assessment was based on an 
extensive review of our industry and peers; investor consultation through 
a survey and interviews; engagement with Domino’s leadership; and 
an assessment of community expectations, including a thorough media 
analysis. This assessment resulted in a list of 20 topics. Of these, five topics 
were identified as being especially important: 1) Food safety and quality, 
2) Customer privacy and data security, 3) Workplace safety, 4) Customer 
experience and engagement, and 5) Ethics and trust. 
In 2021, we reviewed the results of the 2019 assessment by conducting 
a global ESG customer survey, an independent third-party ESG materiality 
assessment gap analysis and a peer benchmark. These results were 
reviewed and approved by members of our Global Leadership Team, 
resulting in a list of ten material topics divided into three categories, 
ranging from immediate (fundamental) importance to longer-term 
(emerging) importance (see Appendix for the full list of definitions):
FUNDAMENTAL KEY EMERGING
Food safety and quality
Workplace safety
Customer privacy and data 
securityResponsible sourcing
Customer experience and 
engagement
Footprint reduction
Franchisee prosperity
Community prosperityTalent attraction and 
retention
Food nutrition and 
innovation
Since 2021, we have used the materiality assessment and the outcome of 
our corporate footprint baseline measurement, which is the measurement 
of our annual CO2 emissions, as our starting point to determine our ESG 
strategy.
In preparation for our mandatory CSRD reporting, we conducted a double 
materiality assessment (DMA) in the final quarter of FY24. During FY25, 
we aim to implement ESG reporting software that will build on the results 
of the DMA. The reporting on the DPE material topics will be supported 
by new software, adjusted processes and procedures, and will give 
stakeholders a more robust view of DPE’s material sustainability topics and 
achievements.DOMINO’S FOR GOOD
At Domino’s, our commitment is to do the 
right thing, because it is the right thing to do. Using 
our business as a force for good is in our DNA. We 
want to be proud of the company we are and the 
food we serve, today, tomorrow and for many 
years to come.
We recognise that our operations impact the 
environment and society in the markets in which we 
operate. Our main focus, which is integrated into 
our ESG approach, is to take care of our people and 
deliver fast, high-quality and affordable food to our 
customers as we substantially reduce our corporate 
footprint. We focus on the issues that are most 
material for our business and where we can achieve 
the greatest impact. This is our Domino’s for Good 
strategy.Because Domino’s for Good is about more than 
‘just pizza’: we want to differentiate ourselves from 
our competitors and inspire change that extends 
beyond our company, our supply chain and our 
customer base. We aspire to be the company 
that people admire, parents want their children 
to work for, suppliers want to work with and 
shareholders want to invest in.  
We developed a framework to help us structure our 
approach, focus on what is important, and deliver on 
our purpose and growth strategy. 
ESG FRAMEWORK
Our ESG Domino’s for Good Framework includes 
our five pillars, 2030 vision, material topics and main 
KPIs.
DOMINO’S PIZZA ENTERPRISES LTD |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24
23
 22
Our COmpanY

=== Page 26 ===
The markets of Malaysia, Singapore and 
Cambodia have been owned by DPE since 
November 2022, and over the past two years 
these markets have worked to implement all 
of the ESG goals and targets set by DPE.  
 
Chua Chee Yam joined Domino’s about one 
year ago as the Chief Partnerships Officer for 
these three markets, and his role is to handle 
procurement and the supply chain. One of his 
main projects has been to move the dough 
production from a central unit to in-store for 
Malaysia and Singapore.FOCUS ON ‘BACK OF  
HOUSE – BOH’ PROJECT 
Can you tell us more about the ‘Back of House 
– BOH’ project you carried out for Malaysia and 
Singapore? 
The goal of this project was to move from 
centralised dough production in Malaysia and 
Singapore to in-store dough production. This 
change would also allow us to reduce the frequency 
of deliveries from our warehouses to the stores 
from twice a week to once a week. However, this 
required a change in our vegetables, as previously 
the shelf life of pre-cut vegetables was only five 
days, which would not align with a weekly delivery. 
To improve this, we introduced in-store slicers so 
that whole vegetables could be delivered to stores 
where they could be cut and processed.
Can you tell us about the sustainability benefits of 
implementing this new way of working?
The main benefit of this project is the reduction of 
CO 2 emissions as we have fewer trucks on the road 
as a result of moving from two deliveries per week to just one, and we have done this for two markets. 
At this stage, we do not have data on the CO 2 
reduction as we need to measure this over a longer 
period, but we are confident that the impact will be 
significant. 
We are also seeing some utility savings by moving 
away from centralised dough production, leading to 
reduced energy consumption in both Malaysia and 
Singapore.
In terms of your role and your area of work, what 
are the main sustainability challenges in the 
markets?
In all our DPE Asia Pacific markets, especially 
Malaysia, Singapore and Cambodia, our laws 
and regulations are not as advanced in terms of 
sustainability compared to other DPE markets. 
This creates challenges – such as cage-free eggs, 
which we have been exploring. However, there is 
currently only one supplier in Malaysia, and they CHUA CHEE YAM – CHIEF PARTNERSHIPS OFFICER, MALAYSIA, SINGAPORE & CAMBODIA
lack the volume to meet our needs. That said, 
more companies are looking into this area, so 
demand may increase in the near future, leading to 
greater supply and more competitive prices. This 
is one of the key challenges we face in achieving 
sustainability in our supply chain. 
What are you most proud of in FY24?
My proudest moment in my year at Domino’s is 
the introduction of BOH dough in Malaysia and 
Singapore. We have already seen the benefits of 
this, and it has also helped us to improve the overall 
profitability of the business through cost savings 
and carbon footprint reduction. This huge project 
was not easy as it involved many departments. 
Coordination was key, and we delivered a 
successful roll-out by working as a close team. What is your main focus for the next 12 months?
For the next few months, we need to focus on 
changing our third-party logistics in Malaysia as it 
is not very stable at the moment. For Singapore, 
we are looking into alternative suppliers for our top 
products to ensure that we have a backup in case of 
price increases or stock shortages. For Cambodia, 
some products do not have full GFSI certification, so 
we are working to improve this. 
As a longer-term project for all markets, we are 
looking at how we can maximise truck use. If we 
can allow trucks to carry more load and travel to 
more locations in one trip for the same cost, this will 
improve emissions.
“THE MAIN BENEFIT OF THIS PROJECT  
IS THE REDUCTION OF CO 2 EMISSIONS AS WE  
HAVE FEWER TRUCKS ON THE ROAD AS A RESULT 
OF MOVING FROM TWO DELIVERIES PER WEEK  
TO JUST ONE, AND WE HAVE DONE THIS  
FOR TWO MARKETS ” 
Q&AQ&A - Chua Chee Yam: Focus On ‘Back of House – BOH’ Project
DOMINO’S PIZZA ENTERPRISES LTD |  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY24
48 49
Our fOOd