=== Page 3 ===
Who we are
IPL’s two businesses, Dyno Nobel and Incitec Pivot Fertilisers (IPF), are recognised 
leaders in supplying the mining, construction and agricultural sectors.
Dyno Nobel and IPF, with almost 60 manufacturing facilities and 
joint ventures, serve customers across six continents, including 
Australia, North America, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa. 
Our products and services are vital to providing food for the world’s 
growing population, along with the raw materials required to 
shape our cities and create renewable energy infrastructure critical 
to a decarbonised future.
At IPL we aim to continue to provide products and services which 
help unlock the world’s natural resources while reducing our 
environmental footprint, and that of our customers, as we work 
towards a long-term Net Zero future.Our Values
Our values have been developed by our people and endorsed by 
the IPL Executive Team. In guiding our attitudes, decisions and 
actions every day, they are brought to life throughout our global 
workforce. These values are set out below.
This year has been a year of new direction, for both our Company and 
for the global sustainability reporting landscape. As we announce our 
ambition to make Dyno Nobel the leading global player in explosives, 
we have also seen the international adoption of a new sustainability 
reporting framework, the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) S1 and S2, which recognise that long-term financial value 
creation requires sustainable business practices. 
I am excited to have the privilege of leading Dyno Nobel in its journey of 
transformation and, as part of this, to bring you IPL’s 2024 Sustainability 
Report, which marks our transition to these new reporting standards.
Our business transformation program is about increasing profitability 
through greater efficiencies, eliminating waste and fostering innovation 
to create sustainable returns. We’re in the business of creating value, 
and that means customer solutions that address much more than the 
financial bottom line. As the IFRS Standards now formally recognise, we 
know that sustainability-related risks and opportunities can not only 
impact on people, communities and the environment, but can also 
impact our financial bottom line and that of our customers. 
While we are committed to separating Incitec Pivot Fertilisers (IPF) over 
the next 6 to 12 months, we are also committed to actively improving 
the IPF business while we hold it, and our work during 2024 has 
focused on building each of our businesses to thrive for the long term.
For this reason, during 2024 we conducted a full double materiality 
assessment for both Dyno Nobel and IPF to identify the risks and 
opportunities most material to our stakeholders and to the financial 
sustainability of each of our businesses. This assessment of both 
‘financial impact’ and ‘stakeholder impact’ materiality provided us 
with a strategic perspective on how to ensure the sustainable growth 
of each business, and focused on identifying material sustainability-
related risks and opportunities, in line with IFRS S1. The assessment 
resulted in the identification of six Sustainability Focus Areas that 
form the sections of this report, inform the value creation models 
presented for each of our businesses, and will guide our sustainability 
strategy for the next three years. 
It goes without saying that caring for our people and the environment 
remain fundamental values for our teams. Safety is at the core of 
everything we do, and our Zero Harm ambition is focused on ensuring 
the safety of our people, the environment and the communities in which 
we operate. Our Gibson Island manufacturing site set an inspirational 
example of how to achieve outstanding workplace health and safety 
during this year of change, delivering the closure and decommissioning 
of the facility with zero reportable incidents and receiving the 2024 
Chemistry Australia Award for Workplace Health and Safety. 
However, IPL’s TRIFR performance in 2024 was not at the level we aim 
to achieve and, tragically, a valued employee lost her life in a road 
incident during the year. This serves as a sobering reminder that while 
our overall performance on health and safety remains strong, we must 
continue our unrelenting focus on Zero Harm. 
It is through a safe, engaged, capable and committed workforce that 
IPL’s businesses will continue to generate value over the long term. In 
2024, we implemented a reviewed People Strategy which included an 
operating model review designed to support our updated business 
strategy. We are investing in building and maintaining a safe, inclusive 
and high-performance culture, and made progress against our targets 
this year to increase female representation in our global workforce.
The communities we work in are important to our success and our sites 
participate in a wide range of community engagement activities across 
our global business. Significantly, in Indonesia, our employees were 
able to assist colleagues, who lost their homes in a fire, with immediate 
help. The rebuilding of several homes was also made possible through 
a global employee fundraising initiative.
In Australia, a key community responsibility is to contribute to 
national reconciliation efforts. This year we completed a new two-year 
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). Our RAPs reinforce our commitment to 
build trust, to listen, and to respect and celebrate Australian First Nations 
voices, culture and history. 
1. Meng, Y., et al (2021) Geoderma, Nitrification inhibitors reduce nitrogen losses and improve soil health in a subtropical pastureland (388)  
at https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0016706121000215In line with this, our employees at Phosphate Hill assisted the Yulluna 
People in identifying artefacts across 1,100 hectares in the largest cultural 
survey conducted at the site to date. We also met our target of 3% First 
Nations employees in Australia.
Climate change remains a material and strategic issue, and we 
continue to make progress on our Net Zero Pathway. During the year, 
our $20m Moranbah Tertiary N₂O Abatement project was completed, 
and a similar project was approved for installation in 2025 at Louisiana, 
Missouri. Together, these projects will abate more than 700,000 tonnes 
of GHG annually, underpinning both our short- and medium-term GHG 
reduction targets. We also updated our future climate-related scenarios 
and risk assessments this year, and prepared for reporting and auditing 
under the new mandatory ASRS requirements based on IFRS S2. 
For more details, see our 2024 Climate Change Report.
We know that we only win when we create value for our customers, 
and that true value creation meets the triple bottom line of people, 
planet and profit for sustainable outcomes. Our Drill to Mill case 
study demonstrates just one example of this, delivering improved 
safety and energy use, reduced GHG and $58.1 million in added value. 
Dyno Nobel’s reputation for safety and reliability is unmatched and 
our long-term partnerships with some of the leading global mining 
houses enable continuous collaboration, ensuring that we evolve 
with their needs and can follow them into new jurisdictions. This 
gives us a unique advantage as we manage an orderly transition 
away from thermal coal markets into growing metals, and quarry and 
construction markets. 
We are proud to have designed and built our first electric MPU, a 
heavy vehicle which delivers explosives to boreholes on customer 
mine sites, and which has its own solar charging station. We continue 
to test and develop renewable fuels and biofuels, and our DeltaE 
technology reduces energy use, GHG, NOx, and dust – reducing 
impacts on the environment and communities – while improving 
our customers’ productivity. 
Through IPF’s Enhanced Efficiency Fertiliser (EEF) range, soil and 
plant testing services and precision agriculture technologies, farming 
customers are encouraged to use only what’s needed, to use it where 
it is needed, and to use it efficiently. This reduces nutrient losses 
to the environment and increases up-take by crops, maximising 
the productivity of our agricultural customers and reducing their 
environmental impact. EEFs are available to growers today to help them 
maximise yields while reducing the GHG emissions associated with 
nitrogen fertiliser use, in one instance by up to 76%1.
To set IPF up for further success, the initial ‘LEAP’ (Locate, Evaluate, 
Assess, Prepare) assessment for IPF completed in 2023 is released 
as a supplement to this report. It identifies nature-related risks and 
opportunities for IPF, as recommended by the Taskforce on Nature-
related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) and demonstrates that these risks 
and opportunities are already being managed by the business.
Thank you for your interest in our 2024 Sustainability Report. We 
welcome your feedback as we continue our journey of transformation.
Chief Executive Officer & Managing 
Director Report
Mauro Neves  
IPL Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Incitec Pivot Limited  Sustainability Report 2024
4 5
Incitec Pivot Limited  Sustainability Report 2024
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED  CEO & MD REPORT
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED  WHO  WE  AREINCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL    |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS
Who we are    |   CEO & MD Report   |   Materiality assessment   |   Our Governance   |   Strategy overview   |   Sustainability targets   |   People and communities   |   Sustainable returns

=== Page 5 ===
Our double materiality assessment  
MEGA TRENDS 
IMPA CTING IPLOUR DOUBLE MA TERIALITY 
ASSESSMENT PROCESS
INPUT SD OUBLE
MATERIALIT YGROUPED INT O 
6 SUST AINABILIT Y 
PRIORITIESOUR IDENTIFIED SUST AINABILIT Y 
RELA TED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIE S
Safe, inclusive 
and high 
performanc e 
cultur e
Relationships 
with c ommunities 
that build trust 
and resilienc e 
Transitioning 
towards Net 
Zero
Reducing our  
environmental  
impact  
Partnering 
with customers 
and suppliersRisks and oppo rtunities which ma y impact  IPL /f_inancially
•Risks of breaches of ethics policies, human rights and/or cyber security
•Risk of incident that results in injury, illness, psychosocial harm or fatality
•Risk of loss of experience and skills with ageing workforce, disengaged employees 
or diﬃculty in recruiting and retaining diverse talent for a high-performing 
workforce
•Risk of loss of social licence to operate due to lack of community engagement
•Risk of /f_inancial penalties due to accidental release of nutrients or hazardous 
chemicals to air, soil and water 
•Financial risks and opportunities associated with climate change
•Financial opportunity associated with building a diverse and high-performing 
workforce
•Opportunity to engage and motivate employees for greater productivity through 
engaging with local communities for positive social and environmental outcomes 
•Opportunity to increase market share through products and services that 
improve our customers’ safety, productivity and environmental sustainability
Risks and oppo rtunities which ma y impact  IPL’ s stak eholders
•Risk of impacts on people from breaches of cyber security at IPL or in IPL’s 
supply chain
•Risk of impacts on employees or contractors from a safety incident
•Risk of adverse impacts on employees and candidates from discrimination
•Risk of adverse impacts on First Nations people, communities and/or sites 
of cultural signi/f_icance from IPL’s operations or employee actions
•Risk of adverse impacts on communities and the environment from pollution, 
accidental release or safety incident 
•Environmental and social impacts from IPL’s GHG contribution to climate change 
•Opportunity to address potential human rights impacts on people in our supply chain
•Opportunity for positive impacts on people and communities through promoting 
Reconciliation in Australia 
•Opportunity for positive social impacts on employees and communities from 
engagement plans based on local communities’ needs
•Opportunity to reduce both IPL‘s and customers’ environmental impacts through 
risk management and product designOrganisational 
resilience
Focus on supply 
chain resilience and 
transparency
Increasing 
geopolitical 
instability
Social and 
demographic
Changing global 
demand
Increasing 
societal 
expectations
Evolving nature 
of workClimate-nature 
nexus
Growing pressure 
for climate action
Growing awareness 
of natural capital
Market 
disruption
Focus on circular 
economy
Technological 
revolution
More sustainable 
agricultural 
practicesFinancial risks 
and oppor tunities
Sustainability-related risks or 
oppor tunities which may 
reasonably be expec ted to aﬀ ect 
the business ’ cash /f_lo ws, access 
to /f_inance or cost of capital in the 
shor t, medium and long term.IPL’s strategic 
documentation, 
including risk 
register
13 stakeholder 
inter views
Resear ch on 
relevant  
megatrends  
aﬀecting IPL
Best pr actice 
repor ting f or 
IFRS (SASB and 
GRI)
SASB 
Materiality 
FinderStak eholder impac t risks 
and oppor tunities
Those risks and oppor tunities through which 
IPL may ha ve signi/f_icant positiv e or negativ e 
impac ts on people,  the en vironment and the 
econom y. These aﬀ ect the business ’ 
contribution to sustainable development 
and shared value creation.Internal 
sour ces
External 
research
Interna tional 
standards
IFRS 
FoundationStak eholder 
inter viewsEnsuring 
ethical c onduc t 
and business 
practices
Incitec Pivot Limited  Sustainability Report 2024
8 9
Incitec Pivot Limited  Sustainability Report 2024
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED  MATERIALITY  ASSESSMENT 
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED  MATERIALITY  ASSESSMENT INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL    |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS
Who we are   |   CEO & MD Report   |   Materiality assessment    |   Our Governance   |   Strategy overview   |   Sustainability targets   |   People and communities   |   Sustainable returns