=== Table 1 (page 24) ===
,,our climate change commitments and reflect these in remuneration outcomes.
,,Our strategic investments in decarbonising our operations and
,Financial and impact risks,managing the risks and opportunities associated with climate
,,change are investments in the long-term resilience of our
,,"businesses, and in ensuring sustainable financial returns for"
,Risk that policy change results in adverse financial impacts on,
,,our shareholders. This section of the report summarises our
,IPL’s decarbonisation projects.,
,,"governance structures and strategic response to climate change,"
,,including our decarbonisation projects. For more detail on
,Risks associated with accurately tracking and reporting IPL’s,
,,"our 2024 climate-related scenario refresh, updated risk and"
,"Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG.",
,,opportunity assessment and a comprehensive list of material
,,"risks and opportunities related to climate change, see our"
,Risks associated with maintaining profitability throughout,2024 Climate Change Report.
,"the transition to a low carbon economy, including a shift from",
,thermal coal mining to new world metals; carbon pricing risks;,
,legal and regulatory risks; increasing insurance costs; and,
,potential for stranded assets.,
,"Risk of physical impacts, including hotter temperatures and",
,"increasing extreme weather events, adversely impacting IPL",
,"and our customers and/or supply chains, as well as impacts on",
,"people, communities and the environment.",
,Risk that increasing water shortages in some regions impact,
,both IPL’s manufacturing operations and local communities.,
,Risk that business growth increases GHG emissions.,
,Risk that inadequate management of Just Transition risks,
,impacts IPL employees and communities.,
,Financial and impact opportunities,
,Opportunity to continue to engage in collaboration with,
,governments on green ammonia and hydrogen strategy,
,assisting both IPL and governments to meet GHG reduction,
ustainable,targets.,
,,
,"Opportunity to comprehensively track, measure and monitor",
,Scope 3 GHG to provide high quality Scope 3 GHG information,
,"to customers, providing a competitive advantage.",
Returns,"Opportunities that low carbon manufacturing of products,",
,"as well as continued development of products and services,",
,"results in lower customer GHG emissions, and provides IPL",
,,
,with a competitive advantage.,

=== Table 2 (page 25) ===
,,,"reviews risk scenarios, risk analyses and mitigation strategies, as",
,,,well as how climate change-related risks are integrated into IPL’s,
,,,risk management processes. The ARMC receives reporting on,
,,,climate change-related risks and opportunities in three ways:,
,,,,
"1
2",3,4,"»
Standard risk reporting, which is undertaken at each of the",The People and Remuneration Committee (PRC) of the Board
,,,five ARMC meetings per year.,provides oversight and advice in relation to the determination
,,,,"of remuneration policy and its application for senior executives,"
,,,"»
The annual Risk Review process with the Executive Team",
,,,,"performance evaluation, the adoption of incentive plans, and"
,,,(Executive Leadership Team) that informs the ARMC on the,
,,,,various governance responsibilities.
,,,Group’s strategic risks and mitigation plans.,
,,,"»
By exception, as required by other significant events and",Since 2015 the Board has linked Executive Key Management
,,,progress related to the management of climate change,Personnel (KMP) remuneration outcomes to the management of
,,,"related risks, these are reported to the ARMC as required.",specific risks and opportunities relating to the sustainability of its
"Ensuring strong 
Reducing operational",Delivering products,Managing strategic,,
,,,,"business, including risks relating to safety, climate change and the"
,,,The ARMC is responsible for reviewing three-yearly updates of,
"governance
emissions",and strategies to reduce,business risks and,,development of customer technology solutions for sustainable
,,,"IPL’s future climate-related risk scenarios, and risk and opportunity",
,,,,
Our climate strategy pillars,scope 3 emissions,opportunities,,"outcomes. For 2024, key performance indicators (KPIs) relating"
,,,"assessment, which have been updated this year. For more details,",
,,,,to the delivery of various climate change-related projects made
,,,see the 2024 IPL Climate Change Report.,
,,,,up 10% of the short term incentive (STI). The projects included
"Ensuring Strong 
Reducing",Delivering products,Managing Strategic,,
,,,"The Health, Safety, Environment and Community (HSEC)",the Moranbah and LOMO N2O Tertiary Abatement Projects. With
"Governance
Operational",and strategies that,Business risks and,,
,,,Committee of the Board assists the Board in overseeing the,the practical and technological challenges related to reducing
Emissions,reduce scope 3,opportunities,,
,,,"Group’s health, safety, environment and community (HSEC)","GHG emissions in the longer term, a climate change-related"
,emissions,,,performance condition (10%) was also included in the Long Term
,,,,
IPL’s six strategic drivers,,,"performance and governance responsibilities, and the adequacy",
,,,"of the Group’s HSEC Management System, which contains the",Incentive (LTI) Performance Rights Plan 2021/24 (LTI 2021/24) as an
,,,HSEC Standards. These are described in greater detail under ‘Zero,additional ‘at risk’ metric. For more detailed information please refer
,,,Harm – Keeping our People Safe’ in the ‘People and Communities’,to the Governance section of the 2024 IPL Climate Change Report.
"Manufacturing Excellence: 
Talented and Engaged 
IPL’s six strategic drivers",Leading Technology,Profitable Growth: Manage,section of this report.,

=== Table 3 (page 26) ===
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL   |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS,,,
Who we are   |   CEO & MD Report   |   Materiality assessment   |   Our Governance   |   Strategy overview   |   Sustainability targets   |   People and communities   |   Sustainable returns,,,
,The SCC was also integrated into the Executive Leadership Team,,Gladstone Green Ammonia Project
Executive Team-level bodies and accountabilities,,Pillar 2: Reducing operational,
,in 2024. Meetings are attended by all Executive Leadership Team,,
,,,The global market for ammonia is also poised to triple in the
"Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are",members and the Corporate Sustainability Manager. This ensures,GHG emissions,
"made by the CEO & MD, his Executive Leadership Team and senior",,,coming decades. Nearly all the growth is expected to come
,Executive Leadership Team oversight of IPL’s sustainability strategy,,
"management, in accordance with their delegated authority. The",,During 2024 we continued to progress a range of projects in line,from low-carbon ammonia supply and global green ammonia
,and Executive Leadership Team direction on the management,,
CEO & MD is responsible for delivering the climate change strategy,,with our Operational GHG Transition Plan. These are described in,is predicted to reach US$6.2bn by 2030.1
,of broader climate change and ESG-related issues which are,,
approved by the Board.,,more detail in our 2024 Climate Change Report.,
,material to IPL’s long-term financial sustainability. It also ensures,,In 2023 IPL signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)
,"responsibility for driving change across our business, monitoring",,with Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Limited (Keppel Infrastructure)
The following Executive Leadership Team bodies support,,,
,"our performance on key sustainability metrics, and exploring",Transitioning our explosives business,to develop a world-scale green ammonia production and export
the CEO & MD and the Board Committees in executing their,,,
,trends and opportunities for improvement is held by the Executive,,facility at the CQ-H2 Central Queensland renewable hydrogen
responsibilities relating to the management of climate change-,,,
,,Our Dyno Nobel business has established a pathway to reduce,
,Leadership Team.,,project at Gladstone. This followed a 2021 MOU signed with
related risks and opportunities:,,,
,,operational (scope 1&2) GHG by 42% by 2030 against its 2020,
,,,Keppel and Temasek to investigate the production of green
,The roles of individual senior executives in these committees,baseline through the following projects:,
The DETSC was absorbed into the Executive Leadership Team in,,,
,,,ammonia at industrial scale for export.
,are described in greater detail in our 2024 Climate Change Report.,,
2024. This ensures that the primary responsibility for implementing,,,
our Net Zero Transition Pathway and strategically managing,,Moranbah Tertiary N₂O Abatement,"In September 2024, a new MOU was signed which will transition"
,,,the ammonia project into the CQ-H2 project front end engineering
business risks and opportunities relating to climate change rests,Cross-functional bodies,,
with the Executive Leadership Team. DETSC sessions include all,,,design (FEED) program and create a top-tier international
,The Carbon Pricing Steering Committee (CPSC) is chaired by the,11% Reduction against,
"Executive Leadership Team members, the Corporate Sustainability",,,"consortium comprising Stanwell Corporation, Iwatani Corporation,"
,"Corporate Sustainability Manager and includes manufacturing,",Dyno Nobel 2020 baseline,
,,,
"Manager, and the Vice President Strategic Project Development,",,,"Marubeni Corporation, Keppel and IPL. Subject to the required"
,"strategy, finance, treasury, environmental and energy contract",,
who oversees major decarbonisation projects.,,Dyno Nobel Moranbah nitric acid plant was built in Queensland,"approvals, the project is on track to reach Final Investment decision"
,management personnel across our global operations. The CPSC,,
,,in 2012 as part of our Moranbah ammonium nitrate (AN),(FID) in late 2025. This is a significant project that will both progress
,oversees the processes to monitor and measure facility emissions,,
,,manufacturing facility. The plant was built with secondary N2O,"Australia’s green hydrogen industry, and offer opportunities for IPL"
,against baselines and ensuring regulatory requirements are met.,,
,,"abatement, reducing potential N₂O emissions by 50-60%, or an",to further decarbonise our Moranbah ammonia plant. See our
,,"estimated ~400,000 tCO₂e each year for the past nine years.",2024 Climate Change Report for more details.
,,"In April 2024, our $20m Tertiary N₂O Abatement project was",
,,,Sale of WALA and CCS
Investing in our decarbonisation journey,,completed and officially opened. The abatement unit is expected,
,,to have a lifespan of 20 years and will abate approximately,In December 2023 Dyno Nobel announced the successful
,,"200,000 additional tonnes of CO₂e per annum which is",completion of the sale of its ammonia manufacturing facility
In 2022 the DETSC established ‘Sustainability Capital’ as one of the five ‘First Order’ capital allocation principles,,,
,,"comparable to taking almost 50,000 cars off the road or planting","located in Waggaman, Louisiana, to CF Industries Holdings,"
in IPL’s Capital Allocation Framework.,,,
,,more than three million trees each year. The plant is operating,"Inc (CF). Until completion of the sale, we continued to work on"
,,well and is expected to reduce IPL’s global operational GHG by,advancing our CCS project at the site and handing it over to CF to
,Sustenance capital,"7%, underpinning the short-term absolute reduction target of","complete. The project aims to capture, compress and permanently"
,Ensure safe reliable operations,,
,,,
1,,5% against its 2020 baseline.,"geologically sequester the pure CO2 stream arising from the 
ammonia plant."
,,Because it reduces the scope 1 GHG associated with,
,,"manufacture of our ammonium nitrate explosives, the project","About 80% of WALA’s ammonia was sold to other customers,"
,,will also reduce the scope 3 GHG emissions of the customers,"with 20% used at Dyno Nobel’s Louisiana, Missouri facility for"
,Sustainability capital,who buy AN from Moranbah.,AN explosives for the US market. To secure this supply and retain
,,,
,"Deliver GHG emissions reductions:
2",,"the asset’s strategic value, a 25-year ammonia supply agreement 
was secured with CF for up to 200,000 short tons of ammonia a"
,$110m in aggregate to 20251 with,LOMO Tertiary N₂O Abatement,
,,,year. Because Dyno Nobel will be purchasing only a portion of
,$24m spent on decarbonisation projects,,
,,,"the ammonia that WALA manufactures, our upstream scope 3"
,in 2024 and $10m expected in 20252,,
,,30% Reduction against,GHG will increase only marginally while our downstream scope 3
,,Dyno Nobel 2020 baseline,GHG will decrease by a much greater amount. Once the CCS project
,,,
FIRST,,,
ORDER,,,"is completed, as expected, by CF, our scope 3 GHG associated with"
,Selective growth improvement capital,"Dyno Nobel’s Louisiana, Missouri (LOMO) AN manufacturing",
,3,,the ammonia purchased from the facility will also be reduced.
,,,
CAPITAL,Small high return short payback initiatives,facility has the Company’s only nitric acid plant without some,
ALLOCATION,,"form of abatement already installed. For this reason, abatement",

=== Table 4 (page 26) ===
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL   |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS,,,
Who we are   |   CEO & MD Report   |   Materiality assessment   |   Our Governance   |   Strategy overview   |   Sustainability targets   |   People and communities   |   Sustainable returns,,,
,The SCC was also integrated into the Executive Leadership Team,,Gladstone Green Ammonia Project
Executive Team-level bodies and accountabilities,,Pillar 2: Reducing operational,
,in 2024. Meetings are attended by all Executive Leadership Team,,
,,,The global market for ammonia is also poised to triple in the
"Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are",members and the Corporate Sustainability Manager. This ensures,GHG emissions,
"made by the CEO & MD, his Executive Leadership Team and senior",,,coming decades. Nearly all the growth is expected to come
,Executive Leadership Team oversight of IPL’s sustainability strategy,,
"management, in accordance with their delegated authority. The",,During 2024 we continued to progress a range of projects in line,from low-carbon ammonia supply and global green ammonia
,and Executive Leadership Team direction on the management,,
CEO & MD is responsible for delivering the climate change strategy,,with our Operational GHG Transition Plan. These are described in,is predicted to reach US$6.2bn by 2030.1
,of broader climate change and ESG-related issues which are,,
approved by the Board.,,more detail in our 2024 Climate Change Report.,
,material to IPL’s long-term financial sustainability. It also ensures,,In 2023 IPL signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)
,"responsibility for driving change across our business, monitoring",,with Keppel Infrastructure Holdings Limited (Keppel Infrastructure)
The following Executive Leadership Team bodies support,,,
,"our performance on key sustainability metrics, and exploring",Transitioning our explosives business,to develop a world-scale green ammonia production and export
the CEO & MD and the Board Committees in executing their,,,
,trends and opportunities for improvement is held by the Executive,,facility at the CQ-H2 Central Queensland renewable hydrogen
responsibilities relating to the management of climate change-,,,
,,Our Dyno Nobel business has established a pathway to reduce,
,Leadership Team.,,project at Gladstone. This followed a 2021 MOU signed with
related risks and opportunities:,,,
,,operational (scope 1&2) GHG by 42% by 2030 against its 2020,
,,,Keppel and Temasek to investigate the production of green
,The roles of individual senior executives in these committees,baseline through the following projects:,
The DETSC was absorbed into the Executive Leadership Team in,,,
,,,ammonia at industrial scale for export.
,are described in greater detail in our 2024 Climate Change Report.,,
2024. This ensures that the primary responsibility for implementing,,,
our Net Zero Transition Pathway and strategically managing,,Moranbah Tertiary N₂O Abatement,"In September 2024, a new MOU was signed which will transition"
,,,the ammonia project into the CQ-H2 project front end engineering
business risks and opportunities relating to climate change rests,Cross-functional bodies,,
with the Executive Leadership Team. DETSC sessions include all,,,design (FEED) program and create a top-tier international
,The Carbon Pricing Steering Committee (CPSC) is chaired by the,11% Reduction against,
"Executive Leadership Team members, the Corporate Sustainability",,,"consortium comprising Stanwell Corporation, Iwatani Corporation,"
,"Corporate Sustainability Manager and includes manufacturing,",Dyno Nobel 2020 baseline,
,,,
"Manager, and the Vice President Strategic Project Development,",,,"Marubeni Corporation, Keppel and IPL. Subject to the required"
,"strategy, finance, treasury, environmental and energy contract",,
who oversees major decarbonisation projects.,,Dyno Nobel Moranbah nitric acid plant was built in Queensland,"approvals, the project is on track to reach Final Investment decision"
,management personnel across our global operations. The CPSC,,
,,in 2012 as part of our Moranbah ammonium nitrate (AN),(FID) in late 2025. This is a significant project that will both progress
,oversees the processes to monitor and measure facility emissions,,
,,manufacturing facility. The plant was built with secondary N2O,"Australia’s green hydrogen industry, and offer opportunities for IPL"
,against baselines and ensuring regulatory requirements are met.,,
,,"abatement, reducing potential N₂O emissions by 50-60%, or an",to further decarbonise our Moranbah ammonia plant. See our
,,"estimated ~400,000 tCO₂e each year for the past nine years.",2024 Climate Change Report for more details.
,,"In April 2024, our $20m Tertiary N₂O Abatement project was",
,,,Sale of WALA and CCS
Investing in our decarbonisation journey,,completed and officially opened. The abatement unit is expected,
,,to have a lifespan of 20 years and will abate approximately,In December 2023 Dyno Nobel announced the successful
,,"200,000 additional tonnes of CO₂e per annum which is",completion of the sale of its ammonia manufacturing facility
In 2022 the DETSC established ‘Sustainability Capital’ as one of the five ‘First Order’ capital allocation principles,,,
,,"comparable to taking almost 50,000 cars off the road or planting","located in Waggaman, Louisiana, to CF Industries Holdings,"
in IPL’s Capital Allocation Framework.,,,
,,more than three million trees each year. The plant is operating,"Inc (CF). Until completion of the sale, we continued to work on"
,,well and is expected to reduce IPL’s global operational GHG by,advancing our CCS project at the site and handing it over to CF to
,Sustenance capital,"7%, underpinning the short-term absolute reduction target of","complete. The project aims to capture, compress and permanently"
,Ensure safe reliable operations,,
,,,
1,,5% against its 2020 baseline.,"geologically sequester the pure CO2 stream arising from the 
ammonia plant."
,,Because it reduces the scope 1 GHG associated with,
,,"manufacture of our ammonium nitrate explosives, the project","About 80% of WALA’s ammonia was sold to other customers,"
,,will also reduce the scope 3 GHG emissions of the customers,"with 20% used at Dyno Nobel’s Louisiana, Missouri facility for"
,Sustainability capital,who buy AN from Moranbah.,AN explosives for the US market. To secure this supply and retain
,,,
,"Deliver GHG emissions reductions:
2",,"the asset’s strategic value, a 25-year ammonia supply agreement 
was secured with CF for up to 200,000 short tons of ammonia a"
,$110m in aggregate to 20251 with,LOMO Tertiary N₂O Abatement,
,,,year. Because Dyno Nobel will be purchasing only a portion of
,$24m spent on decarbonisation projects,,
,,,"the ammonia that WALA manufactures, our upstream scope 3"
,in 2024 and $10m expected in 20252,,
,,30% Reduction against,GHG will increase only marginally while our downstream scope 3
,,Dyno Nobel 2020 baseline,GHG will decrease by a much greater amount. Once the CCS project
,,,
FIRST,,,
ORDER,,,"is completed, as expected, by CF, our scope 3 GHG associated with"
,Selective growth improvement capital,"Dyno Nobel’s Louisiana, Missouri (LOMO) AN manufacturing",
,3,,the ammonia purchased from the facility will also be reduced.
,,,
CAPITAL,Small high return short payback initiatives,facility has the Company’s only nitric acid plant without some,
ALLOCATION,,"form of abatement already installed. For this reason, abatement",
,,of N₂O at LOMO has been under investigation for some time.,
,,"Last year, the LOMO Tertiary N₂O Abatement Project passed",
,,"through Front End Loading (FEL) stage, with $2.8m invested.",
,,"During 2024, the project was approved for installation in 2025 and",
,,,
,"Test robustness of balance sheet
4","is expected to reduce scope 1 GHG by ~520,000 tCO₂e annually.",
,,"This will decrease Dyno Nobel’s global operational GHG by 30%,",
,,"and IPL’s by 19%, against their 2020 baselines. It will also reduce",
,,the scope 3 GHG for customers who buy AN from this plant.,

=== Table 5 (page 27) ===
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL   |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS,,,
Who we are   |   CEO & MD Report   |   Materiality assessment   |   Our Governance   |   Strategy overview   |   Sustainability targets   |   People and communities   |   Sustainable returns,,,
,,,
Transitioning our fertiliser business,,Pillar 3: Delivering products and,Pillar 4: Managing strategic business
Cessation of natural gas-based manufacturing,,strategies to reduce scope 3 GHG,risks and opportunities
and the Gibson Island Green Ammonia Project,,,
,,"During 2024, our business units continued to integrate scope 3","As explained in the ‘Our Governance’ section of this report, the IPL"
,,"GHG emissions management into their business strategies, making",Group Risk Policy and Risk Management Framework ensures that
44% Reduction against,,significant progress in our target to have systems in place by 2025,risk is managed within a comprehensive risk management process
,,,
,,"to track and manage Scope 3 as effectively as we track and manage 
other supplier and customer information. Key highlights this year","which is consistent with the Australian/New Zealand Standard 
for Risk Management (AS/NZS ISO 31000:2018). The Company’s"
"This year, for the first time since 1969, there was no natural gas-",,,
,,,
based manufacturing at IPF’s Gibson Island facility. The cessation,Exploring opportunities in,include the following:,"processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks"
,,,associated with climate change are in alignment with our overall
of the use of natural gas to obtain hydrogen for ammonia,,"»
Mapping of business unit procurement and value chain",
,,,
,renewable H2 for green ammonia,,Risk Management Framework.
production has already reduced IPL’s GHG by approximately,,processes which require integration of scope 3 information,
"450,000 tCO2e or 44% against IPF’s operational 2020 GHG","IPL has a core competency in the manufacture, storage and","for purchasing decisions, in order to update these.",IPL’s integrated risk assessment process makes use of IPL-specific
"baseline, which is 17% against IPL’s global operational 2020 GHG",transportation of ammonia and is well placed to play a role,,future climate-related scenarios which are updated every
,,"»
Sending and receiving of supplier scope 3 GHG questionnaires",
"baseline. Unlike the sale of WALA to a new owner, these GHG",in developing green ammonia for a low carbon economy.,,"three years, as mandated by the charter of the Audit and Risk"
,,"to major global suppliers, with the results indicating there",
"have permanently ceased to be emitted, which is recognised",,,Management Committee of the Board. An expert third party
,,is a wide variation in knowledge and capability on GHG,
,Green ammonia is produced using hydrogen from water,,
as a reduction against our baseline in line with best practice.,,,is engaged to update the scenarios using the most recently
,,measurement and targets across our global supplier base.,
,"electrolysed using renewable energy, rather than hydrogen",,
,,,available climate-related information including Assessment
,,"As a result, we redesigned our GHG supplier questionnaire",
The Gibson Island Green Ammonia project is a partnership,made from natural gas. This eliminates the need for natural,,
,,,Reports and Representative Concentration Pathways from the
,,to include a GHG calculation template. This aims to build our,
between IPL and Fortescue Future Industries (FFI) to investigate,"gas as both a feedstock and an energy source, greatly",,
,,,"Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, New Energy Outlooks"
,,suppliers’ capability in calculating their own GHG per tonne,
green ammonia production at the Gibson Island site.,reducing GHG.,,
,,,"from BloombergNEF and Shared Socioeconomic Pathways, along"
,,"of product sold to us, and also to their other customers.",
"Should it proceed, it would be Australia’s first industrial scale green","Because the ammonia molecule is a carrier of hydrogen,",,with a range of scientific and consultancy papers relevant to our
,,"»
The selection and onboarding of a GHG data management",
"ammonia production facility, demonstrating existing infrastructure",green ammonia can potentially be used as a feedstock,,businesses and geographical locations.
,,platform with a specific scope 3 module to assist our BUs in,
can be retrofitted to utilise zero-emissions energy sources.,"or fuel for green energy generation, or to provide green",,
,,tracking their scope 3 GHG throughout the year and modelling,"In addition to updating the scenarios, the expert third party"
,"hydrogen solutions for other industries, and it is much safer",,
,,the future impacts of various reduction strategies. This platform,also conducts a comprehensive assessment of IPL’s physical and
,to handle and transport than hydrogen gas.,,
,,will also automate our global data collection and calculation,transitional (market-based) risks and opportunities associated
,"To advance this ambition, IPL will continue to explore","of GHG, and support the planned expansion of our annual",with climate change. The most recent scenario update and
,partnerships focused on green hydrogen and green,"GHG verification to include Scope 1 and 2 outside of Australia,",comprehensive external risk and opportunity assessment was
,ammonia.,followed by global scope 3.,"conducted in 2024 using four scenarios: 1.5oC Fast Action, 1.8oC"
,,,"Forecast Policy, 2.8oC Current Trajectory and 4+oC Disrupted"
,,"»
Completing design and build of our very first electric Mobile",
,,,State scenarios.
,,Processing Unit (eMPU) complete with its own solar charging,
,,station. MPUs are heavy vehicles used at customer mining,
,,,"Our scenarios, the identified risks and opportunities and"
,,operations to deliver our bulk explosives into blast holes.,
,,,our management strategies are outlined in detail in our
,,"»
Continued testing and development of the use of biodiesel",2024 Climate Change Report.
,,and renewable diesel in our explosives products across the,
,,"Americas and Asia Pacific. For more details, see page 68.",
,,"»
The digital integration of our DeltaE and Nobel Fire products.",
,,These technologies help our mining customers reduce their,
,,"GHG emissions, NOx emissions, dust, vibration and noise, while",Working with freight contractors
,,,
,,"improving safety, efficiency and productivity.",to reduce scope 3 GHG
,,"»
Formally registering an Expression of Interest with the Federal",
,,,Our Dyno Nobel business in Australia recently engaged
,,"Government’s Department of Climate Change, Energy, the",
,,,the market for a state-wide contract for transportation
,,Environment and Water to collaborate on the development,
,,,"of Ammonium Nitrate products across Western Australia,"
,,of a method under the Australian Carbon Credit Unit (ACCU),
,,,which accounts for approximately 70% of DNAP’s domestic
,,Scheme to recognise the GHG reductions associated with the,
,,,freight movements.
,,use of nitrogen inhibited fertiliser products.,
,,,The Procurement and Logistics teams integrated
,,For more details on the products listed above that reduce,
,,,sustainability considerations to become a key evaluation
,,"customer GHG, see the Dyno Nobel and IPF ‘Environment’ sections",
,,,criterion for logistics contracts by mandating the use
,,of this report. For more information on scope 3 GHG emissions,
,,,of Euro VI vehicles and promoting the adoption of
,,"throughout our value chains and our strategies to reduce these,",
,,,Performance Based Standards in the contract.
,,see our 2024 Climate Change Report.,
,,,"The project promotes the early adoption of new, more"
,,,"efficient technology, sets clear standards to reduce energy"
,,,"use and GHG emissions, and demonstrates a cultural and"
,,,systemic shift in sourcing strategy. Tangible GHG emissions
,,,reductions will be achieved through decreasing vehicle
,,,trips by 20% each year and improving fuel economy by
,,,15% compared to the previous model.
,,,"The project aligns with several UNSDGs, including"
,,,"Goal 13, Climate Action and, by fostering partnerships"
,,,"and collaboration, also supports Goal 17, Partnerships"
,,,for the Goals.
,,,"By integrating sustainability into key tender criteria, the"
,,,project demonstrates our commitment to addressing
,,,"environmental challenges, including reducing our scope 3"
,,,"GHG, whist driving innovation and awareness."

=== Table 6 (page 46) ===
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL   |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS,,,
Our fertilisers business   |   Reducing our environmental impact   |   Customers and supply chain   |   Glossary,,,
,,,
Enhanced Efficiency Fertiliser (EEFs),Easy Liquids,Using water sustainably,
,IPF’s liquid fertiliser products present a number of benefits for our,,
"Our EEFs keep nitrogen in stable forms in the soil for longer,",,IPF recognises that water is a precious and essential resource.,
,"farming customers. They are easy to handle, easy to store, resist",,
improving uptake by plants and reducing the risk of nutrient,,Large volumes of high-quality cooling water are required for the,
,"deterioration while in storage, and can be applied using a wide",,
run-off. They also reduce potential losses of nitrogen to the air as,,"manufacture of ammonia at our Phosphate Hill, Queensland facility,",
,"range of existing farm application equipment. Most importantly,",,
"nitrous oxide, a GHG with a warming potential 273 times higher",,and water is also a key input for the manufacture of sulphuric,
,"they can be applied precisely, using modern fertigation systems",,
than CO₂.,,"acid at Mt Isa, Queensland which is used to make ammonium",
,that combine fertiliser application with efficient irrigation,,
,,"phosphate fertilisers at Phosphate Hill, and for the manufacture",
Our eNpower® EasyN® fertiliser product (a combination of our,"techniques, ensuring only what is required to maximise yield",,
,,of single super phosphate (SSP) fertiliser manufacture in Geelong.,
proprietary nitrification inhibitor containing dimethyl pyrazole,,,
,is applied.,,Ensuring the sustainable
glycolate (DMP-G) and urea ammonium nitrate solution) has been,,"In 2024 IPF reclaimed 147,117kL of water from waste gypsum",
,,,
shown to lower N₂O emissions from farm fields by up to 64%. This,"Since acquiring the Yara Nipro liquid fertiliser business in 2022,","stockpiles at Phosphate Hill, allowing both the reduction of fresh",use of water
,IPF has focused on integrating the acquisition into its broader,,
product moved from field trials and into full commercialisation,,groundwater extraction and the recapture of valuable phosphates,
,"product family, and developing market growth strategies. Demand",,To ensure careful management of water and to minimise
in 2024.,,"from the water. At Geelong, Victoria, 1,429kL of stormwater was",
,"for IPF’s Liquid Products has grown compared to 2023, resulting",,"our potential impacts on local aquatic ecosystems, our"
,,captured and treated for reuse. This reduces municipal water use,
IPF has continued to advocate the effectiveness of its EEF,"in our port assets and manufacturing operations, which are",,Operations Managers are responsible for assessing
,,and prevents rainwater which may have high nutrient levels from,
products as a contributor to Australia’s Net Zero ambitions. During,"strategically located in Adelaide, Geelong, Moree, Whitton and",,potential water risks for sites and the environment. These
,,leaving the site.,
"the previous reporting period, IPF assisted Fertiliser Australia","Boundary Bend, distributing over 70 million litres of liquid fertilisers",,"are recorded as part of each site’s, and the IPF business"
to prepare a white paper to the Australian Government to,in 2024. IPF is now the largest manufacturer and distributor of,"At Mt Isa, steam used in the on-site electricity generation turbine","unit’s, risk registers."
"inform stakeholders about nitrogen use in Australia, provide an",liquid fertiliser on Australia’s east coast.,is condensed for reuse and any water drained from our cooling,
,,,"In addition, an annual Group-wide review of water risks"
"understanding of nitrogen (N) losses in the Australian context,",,towers is returned to the nearby metal ore mine as process water.,
,,,and water stress conditions across our sites is led by
"focusing on GHG emissions, and provide some recommendations",,"At our Townsville, Queensland Product Distribution Centre (PDC),",
,Trigger®,,"the Corporate Sustainability Manager, using the World"
on future policy options that could be considered. Published in,,we have increased our capacity to collect and store ‘first flush’,
,,,Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Tool. This Tool relies on a
"October 2023, the paper included the positive emissions-reducing","Our granular humate product, Trigger, is an air-dried, low-dust",rainwater and reuse this captured water for cleaning activities,
,,,"global database designed to measure, map and support"
"capabilities of EEFs, which have been shown to reduce GHG from","product, with a high concentration of humic acid. Humic acids","and the site wheel bath, reducing site water use.",
,,,"the mitigation of water risks, including those driven by"
fertiliser use on farms by up to 76%1. The Government has since,"support crop growth by holding onto nutrients, preventing",,
,,"Also in 2024, IPF completed an important remediation and","climate change, and provides projections of rainfall,"
"recognised the effectiveness of this technology, with Australia’s","them from leaching away from plant roots. In field tests, Trigger",,
,,"validation project at Pinkenba, Queensland. A historical site dating",population and expected baseline water stress for each
Minister for Climate Change and Energy referring to nitrogen,has demonstrated the ability to significantly reduce on-farm,,
,,"back to the early 20th century, IPF has sold the site but retains","region to 2025, 2030 and 2040."
inhibited fertilisers as an example of strong innovation to deliver,GHG emissions.,,
,,the obligations under our environmental licence for the site to,
decarbonisation in Australia’s agriculture and land management,,,"In addition, water risks are included in our future climate-"
,Humic acids have also been shown to improve soil properties,address groundwater contamination issues. We are committed to,
"sector2. To build on this important opportunity, IPF has registered",,,"related risk scenarios, which are updated every three years"
,"through increasing water-holding capacity, cation exchange",completing the further work required to meet our obligations and,
its interest in collaborating on the development of a recognised,,,"using the latest IPCC projections. Updated in 2024, these"
,capacity and microbial activity – contributing to healthier and,relinquish the licence for this site.,
methodology to quantify and recognise the GHG reductions,,,indicate that average annual rainfall across the lower half
,more fertile soils.,,
associated with the use of EEFs in Australia.,,,"of Australia is likely to decrease, with variability increasing"
,,,"in the northern half of Australia. As a result, longer periods"
Customers are also becoming aware of the benefits of nitrogen,,,
,,,"of drought may be created, potentially leading to water"
"inhibited products, with a 20% increase in EEF sales in 2024. To",,,
,,,"restrictions becoming more frequent in some areas,"
"meet the increasing demand, we have expanded the number of",,,
,,,"including at IPF’s Gibson Island, Geelong and Mt Isa sites."
facilities manufacturing the EEF range. In the last five years IPF,,,
"has invested over $4m on EEF coating facilities, and we anticipate",,,The results of these analyses are integrated into the
there will be another three new major projects associated with,,,development of IPF’s risk management and business
this product range in 2025. The growth in the market uptake of,,,"strategy processes, with water risks and management"
EEFs will have the additional benefit of reducing our Scope 3 GHG,,,strategies being reported to the Executive Team’s SSC
through reducing customers’ on-farm emissions from the use of,,,and to the HSEC Committee.
these products.,,,
To ensure we respond comprehensively to emerging demand for,,,
"our advanced product range, IPF has established a cross-functional",,,
"steering committee with representatives from our procurement,",,,
"research and development, commercial and sustainability",,,
functions. Supporting the growth of our value-added product,,,
range will remain a strategic priority for IPF into 2025.,,,

=== Table 7 (page 51) ===
INCITEC PIVOT LIMITED   |   DYNO NOBEL   |   INCITEC PIVOT FERTILISERS,
Our fertilisers business   |   Reducing our environmental impact   |   Customers and supply chain   |   Glossary,
"Material: In the context of the GRI Reporting Framework, ‘material’ topics",SASB: The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards
for a reporting organisation are those topics that have a direct or indirect,help companies disclose relevant sustainability information to their
"impact on an organisation’s ability to create, preserve or erode economic,","investors. Available for 77 industries, the SASB Standards identify the"
"environmental and social value for itself, its stakeholders and society at",sustainability-related risks and opportunities most likely to affect an
"large. A material risk or opportunity for IPL is one which, if realised, could","entity’s cash flows, access to finance and cost of capital over the short,"
have an impact of $A20m or more on EBIT.,medium or long term.
"Megatrend: Our materiality assessment defines a megatrend as a large,",Scope 1 emissions: Direct GHG emissions which occur from sources
transformative global force that defines the future by having a far-reaching,"that are owned or controlled by the Group, for example emissions from"
"impact on business, economies, industries, societies and individuals. A","combustion in owned or controlled boilers, furnaces, vehicles etc, and"
megatrend is distinguished from other trends in that it cannot be stopped,emissions from chemical production in owned or controlled process
"or significantly altered, even by powerful actors such as governments.",equipment.
NAIDOC Week: An Australian observance lasting from the first Sunday in,Scope 2 emissions: Scope 2 emissions are GHG emissions which arise
July until the following Sunday. The acronym NAIDOC stands for National,from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by the Group.
Aborigines and Islanders Day Observance Committee.,Purchased electricity is defined as electricity that is purchased or otherwise
,brought into the organisational boundary of the Group. scope 2 emissions
Natural capital: The stock of renewable and non-renewable natural,
,physically occur at the facility where this electricity is generated.
resources that combine to yield a flow of benefits to people. These,
"include living and non-living entities such as plants, animals, air, water,",Scope 3 emissions: A GHG emissions reporting category that allows for the
soils and minerals.,treatment of indirect emissions (other than scope 1 and 2 emissions). scope
,"3 emissions are a consequence of the activities of the Group, but occur"
"Nature: The natural world, with an emphasis on the diversity of living",
,from sources not owned or controlled by the Group. Our scope 3 emissions
organisms (including people) and their interactions among themselves and,
,and calculation methodology are reported in Appendices 3 and 4 of the
"with their environment. ‘Nature’ includes the natural resources, systems",
,IPL Climate Change Report (2022).
"and cycles which humans depend on, such as minerals and energy;",
"weather systems; the water cycle; carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus cycles;",Significant Environmental Incidents: Environmental Incidents as assessed
and resources such as the soil in which we grow our food.,against IPL’s internal risk matrix with actual consequences of 5 or higher
,on a six-level scale. A Category 5 environmental incident is ‘a major event
"Nature-related opportunities: Opportunities relating to natural resources,",
,"or Environmental repeat non-compliance with regulatory, licence or"
"systems and cycles or to the restoration or protection of natural resources,",
,permit conditions leading to prosecution or restriction of operations’ and
systems and cycles.,
,a Category 6 environmental incident is one which results in ‘permanent
Nature-related risks: These pertain to potential threats to an organisation,"or long-term impacts to water, land, biodiversity, air or ecosystems and"
"and its sustained success, linked to their and wider society’s dependencies","requires significant remediation, rectification or investment in mitigation’."
on nature and nature impacts. These may include (a) nature-related,
,Site: A single geographic location where IPL operations take place.
physical risks (e.g. threats to an organisation from disruptions to natural,
"systems, resulting in changes to living and non-living conditions that","SOx: Sulphur oxide emissions, for example, sulphur dioxide (SO₂). Sulphur"
sustain the ecosystems on which businesses rely); (b) nature-related,oxides arise from the burning of fossil fuels that contain sulphur and
"systemic risks (e.g. threats relating to the collapse of entire ecosystems,",during the burning of sulphur to make sulphuric acid.
rather than a decline in part of an ecosystem); and (c) nature-related,
,"Supply chains: A sub-set of our value chain, referring to the companies"
transition risks (e.g. threats to an organisation stemming from a,
,"who supply the inputs to our operations, such as raw materials for"
"misalignment between that organisation’s strategy and management,",
,"manufacturing, service providers and providers of other inputs such"
"and a changing regulatory, policy or societal landscape).",
,as electricity and water.
"Near miss: An unplanned event that did not result in injury, illness or",
,Transition risk: Transitioning to a lower-carbon economy may entail
damage – but had the potential to do so. The aim of the investigation of,
,"extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes to address"
"‘near miss’ events is to identify and mitigate root causes, providing a focus",
,mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change.
for improvement.,
,"Depending on the nature, speed and focus of these changes, transition"
NOx: A generic term for the mono-nitrogen oxides NO and NO₂ (nitric,risks may pose varying levels of financial and reputational risk to
oxide and nitrogen dioxide).,organisations.
"N₂O: Nitrous oxide (di-nitrogen oxide), listed as one of six greenhouse",TCFD: The Financial Stability Board Taskforce on Climate-related Financial
gases covered by the Kyoto Protocol and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.,"Disclosures (TCFD) is a market-driven initiative, set up to develop a set of"
,recommendations for voluntary and consistent climate-related financial
Paris Agreement: A global climate agreement that was reached under,
,risk disclosures in mainstream filings.
the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC),
at the 21st Conference of the Parties (COP21) in Paris (30 November to,TNFD: The Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) is a risk
12 December 2015) to limit average global temperature rise this century,management and disclosure framework to enable organisations to report
to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue,on and respond to nature-related risks. The TNFD’s final recommendations
efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5 degrees,"were released in September 2023. TNFD comprises UN organisations,"
Celsius.,financial institutions and corporates with over US$20 trillion in assets.
Physical risks: Physical risks resulting from climate change can be event-,TRIFR: Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate – the number of recordable
driven (acute) or longer-term shifts (chronic) in climate patterns. Physical,"incidents per 200,000 hours worked; includes contractors unless otherwise"
"risks may have financial implications for organisations, such as direct",indicated.
damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption.,
,UN SDGs: The UN SDGs are a set of 17 goals and 169 targets adopted
Organisations’ financial performance may also be affected by changes,
,"by world leaders at the United Nations to end poverty, fight inequality"
"in water availability, sourcing and quality; food security; and/or extreme",
,and tackle climate change by 2030. Although primarily designed for
"temperature changes impacting organisations’ premises, operations,",
,"governments, the SDGs call for action by all countries and stakeholders."
"supply chain, transport needs, and employee safety.",
,UNGC: The UN Global Compact (UNGC) is the world’s largest corporate
Plant: The equipment used to manufacture a specific product,
,sustainability initiative – transforming businesses and raising ambitions
e.g. ammonia. There may be several plants on a single IPL site.,
,towards the achievement of societal goals. The UN Global Compact
"Realms: Major components of the living, natural world that differ",Network Australia (UNGCNA) is the Australian business-led network of
fundamentally in ecosystem organisation and function. In the TNFD’s,the UN Global Compact.
"framework, these are: land, freshwater, ocean and atmosphere.",
,Value chain: Our value chain includes our suppliers (and potentially their
"SafeGround: IPL seeks to create a culture of SafeGround, which we","suppliers), our operations, our distribution channels, and our customers"
define as ‘an environment of psychological safety in which people feel,who are the end users of our products. Our supply chains (described
safe to raise concerns and make suggestions’. It is an essential part of a,above) are a sub-set of this.
safety culture.,
,"Water stress: Water stress may refer to the availability, quality or"
,accessibility of water in relation to human and ecological demands
,for water.