=== Page 12 ===
CHAIR’S REPORT
Dear Shareholders, 
Welcome to Duratec Limited’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (FY24).
FY24 has been an exciting time of change and progress on the back of the record FY23 results. A strong performance 
was again delivered by all our business groups, with revenue ending at another historic high. Our strong pipeline of 
work and tender outlook positions the Company well to continue to deliver its growth ambitions.
STRONG OPERATING RESULTS
FY24 reported revenue was $555.8m, 13% higher than 
FY23 ($491.8m). This represents another successful year 
of revenue growth for the Company. Normalised EBITDA 
was $47.6m, a 22.6% increase year on year and towards the 
upper end of our guidance range, with increased average 
margins. These results demonstrate Duratec’s ability to 
grow and adapt to the inevitable shifts in demand across 
industries and projects, whilst delivering strong levels of 
profitability and maintaining our high safety and quality 
standards. For the 12-month reporting period we recorded 
a lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) of zero and a total 
recordable injury frequency rate (TRIFR) of 2.74 per 1 million 
hours worked. 
At the end of FY24, our orderbook and pipeline remain 
extremely strong, with projects of varying sizes progressing 
well and a number of significant projects expected to 
be awarded in FY25. With an orderbook of $405m and 
tendered works of $1.4b on within a total $3.8b pipeline 
of opportunities, Duratec is well positioned for continued 
growth next financial year and beyond.
We declared a final fully franked dividend of 2.5 cents per 
share, taking the total dividend for the year to 4 cents per 
share. This represents a payout ratio of 46%, which the 
Board believes strikes a good balance between dividend 
distribution and preserving cash for future growth. Our 
balance sheet remains strong, with net cash of $65.2m 
able to support our key growth objectives.  
BUSINESS STRATEGY SUPPORTS  
ONGOING GROWTH
The strong FY24 results were underpinned by our proven 
business strategy of having a diversified portfolio across 
various sectors including Defence, Building and Facade, 
Mining and Industrial, Energy, Marine and Infrastructure. 
In FY24, we continued to focus on winning projects that 
capitalise on our expertise, experience and capability, 
whilst simultaneously investing in our tender outlook. Early 
Contractor Involvement (ECI) and catering to every stage of 
the life cycle of customers’ assets, remains key in delivering 
strong end-to-end project outcomes for our clients. 
In FY24, we made a number of acquisitions and entered 
into new partnerships to boost our end-to-end capabilities. Through our wholly owned subsidiary WPF, we acquired A&B 
Welding in Darwin, enhancing our geographic capability and 
capacity to deliver projects for the Mining and Industrial, and 
Energy sectors. Duratec’s 49% owned associate business, 
DDR Australia, completed the strategic acquisition of RC 
Construction, expanding our capability and allowing further 
access to aligned procurement opportunities. 
We also made significant strides through investment 
in, and advancement of, our in-house technologies 
to support future growth. We have enhanced our 
operational capabilities and efficiencies, ensuring we 
remain competitive and dynamic. Our investments in FY24 
included advanced 3D modelling, adopting further early 
contractor involvement practices, and technical assets 
such as the Novarc Technologies’ spool welding robot 
(SWR) which we installed earlier in the year. 
SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS
During the year we formalised our Board Sustainability 
Committee, with Krista Bates appointed as Chair.
Our Sustainability function within the business has been 
working on establishing a baseline of our sustainability 
impacts, with Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions as a priority. 
By understanding how our business activities drive 
environmental impacts, we will be able to model the impact 
of our business growth aspirations and identify the highest 
value impact reduction opportunities.  In addition, we are 
undertaking a risk assessment to ensure the necessary 
mitigations are in place for key Sustainability-related risks.
The Sustainability Team will work closely with all parts 
of the business to progressively ensure Sustainability 
is integrated at a pace and scale that meets the 
increasing expectations of our customers, staff and other 
stakeholders.
We continue to be passionate about supporting women in 
construction as well as delivering ongoing Aboriginal and 
Torres Strait Islander opportunities and will continue to do 
so in FY25. 
Duratec Limited (ASX:DUR)   |   Annual Report for the 2024 Financial Year
10

=== Page 40 ===
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS DELIVERY
As part of our Business Improvement initiatives, Duratec 
formally established a Sustainability function in FY24. 
This enables Duratec to have appropriate oversight of 
our material impacts and ensures accurate tracking and 
monitoring of initiative implementation. To further support 
this, Duratec’s Executive Management Team Sustainability 
Committee meets monthly to address prioritised actions. 
Duratec also implemented a Sustainability Committee 
Charter to establish a Board Sustainability Committee which 
can be found on our website. 
FOCUSED ON AUSTRALIAN SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORTING STANDARDS (ASRS) AND 
EMISSIONS CALCULATIONS
To ensure our focus remains on sustainability impacts 
pertinent to our operations, Duratec undertook an initial 
Materiality Assessment aligned with the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards. Priority 
areas identified as part of this assessment are shown below:
Dimension Issue Category
EnvironmentGHG Emissions
Waste and Hazardous Materials
Social Employee Health & Safety
Employee Engagement, Diversity,  
and Inclusion
GovernancePhysical impacts of climate change
Supply Chain ManagementDuratec remains future focused and understands the 
requirements of the forthcoming Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) that are being developed by 
the Australian Accounting Standards Boards (AASB). The 
Company anticipates being classified into the Group 1 
reporting cohort which will require climate-related financial 
disclosures to be included in the FY26 annual report.  
In preparation for these disclosures, Duratec has recently 
engaged Automic ESG to undertake a greenhouse gas 
assessment of Scope 1 and 2 emissions (direct emissions).  
Scope 1 and 2 emissions sources include the following: 
	\Scope 1: Diesel, unleaded petrol, LNG, LPG, Petroleum-
based oils and lubricants, and refrigerants  
	\Scope 2: Electricity 
In line with guidance from the GHG Protocol and the AASB 
Sustainability Reporting Exposure Draft (ED SR1), Duratec 
has chosen an equity share approach to consolidated 
emissions reporting, which aligns with our financial 
reporting approach.  
Our FY24 emissions will be reported once calculations  
are complete. 
Duratec Limited (ASX:DUR)   |   Annual Report for the 2024 Financial Year
38
Sustainability

=== Page 41 ===
ENVIRONMENT
Duratec is committed to ensuring our business activities are 
undertaken in such a way as to minimise any environmental 
impacts and to act upon any adverse findings. Our 
Environmental Management System is certified to AS/NZS 
ISO 14001, with this standard guiding our on-site operations 
teams to appropriately mitigate environmental risk.
As part of Duratec’s commitment to environmental 
sustainability, all works will include recycling of removed 
materials where possible. Duratec seeks procurement 
from suppliers who are committed to low emissions-based 
material manufacturing.
In FY24, Duratec’s environmental performance across our 
projects remained consistent with our performance from 
FY23. Environmental incidents that occurred were minor 
in nature (including small-scale oil, fuel or water spills) and 
our teams responded as per their training and the relevant 
project environmental management plans. As a demonstration of our commitment to Sustainability, 
Duratec also implemented several initiatives during FY24, 
focusing specifically on sustainability and environmental 
improvement. 
Construction sites typically rely on diesel- or petrol-powered 
generators where access to power is not available. Knowing 
the impacts this fuel use has, Duratec worked with Blue 
Diamond to undertake a six-week Hydrogen Generator 
trial at one of our construction sites in Sydney. Whilst ‘Blue’ 
Hydrogen was used (sourced from fossil fuel), our team 
were impressed with the reduction of carbon dioxide 
emissions on-site. 
In FY24, Duratec transitioned to an average of 20% 
GreenPower for 15 of our properties. Duratec is seeking to 
increase both the number of sites on GreenPower, and the 
proportion of GreenPower over time.
As a national business with frequent fly-in fly-out operations 
in the north west of Western Australia, the Company relies 
on aviation to undertake our business. Duratec partnered 
with Blue Halo to understand the impact of our travel and 
introduce our first offset. As a first initiative, Duratec has 
offset 208 tonnes of carbon for FY24. This figure is targeted 
to increase as our processes and understanding of the 
impact of our Scope 3 emissions mature.
Duratec relies on long-sleeved clothing, protective pants 
and uniforms to ensure the safety and visibility of our teams 
on-site and in-office. To reduce our use of textiles and 
contribution to textile waste, Duratec recently started a trial 
with UPPAREL. UPPAREL is a well-known recycler which 
upcycles textiles into several materials. Our Victorian team is 
the first to trial the use of UPPAREL. Our Perth headquarters 
has implemented a different system, upcycling textiles as 
cleaning cloths in select warehouses. As part of National Tree Day, Duratec’s Victorian team 
worked with the ‘Friends of Gardiner Creek Valley’ group 
to restore a crucial wildlife corridor. Members of our 
team planted hundreds of indigenous flora species along 
Gardiner Creek. Duratec employees also took part in Clean 
Up Australia Day. Duratec’s participation was the largest 
it has been to date, with teams across Victoria, South 
Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania removing rubbish 
from areas nearby to our operations. To further reduce our 
paper trail, the Company also introduced the ‘E-Business 
Card’ option for our employees. Traditional business cards 
remain available if required, but the intent is to transition to 
E-Business cards where possible.
Duratec Limited (ASX:DUR)   |   Annual Report for the 2024 Financial Year
39
Sustainability