=== Table 1 (page 12) ===
,CHAIR’S REPORT,
,"Dear Shareholders,",
,Welcome to Duratec Limited’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (FY24).,
,,FY24 has been an exciting time of change and progress on the back of the record FY23 results. A strong performance
,"was again delivered by all our business groups, with revenue ending at another historic high. Our strong pipeline of",
,work and tender outlook positions the Company well to continue to deliver its growth ambitions.,
,,"Through our wholly owned subsidiary WPF, we acquired A&B"
,STRONG OPERATING RESULTS,
,,"Welding in Darwin, enhancing our geographic capability and"
,"FY24 reported revenue was $555.8m, 13% higher than",
,,"capacity to deliver projects for the Mining and Industrial, and"
,FY23 ($491.8m). This represents another successful year,
,,"Energy sectors. Duratec’s 49% owned associate business,"
,of revenue growth for the Company. Normalised EBITDA,
,,"DDR Australia, completed the strategic acquisition of RC"
,"was $47.6m, a 22.6% increase year on year and towards the",
,,"Construction, expanding our capability and allowing further"
,"upper end of our guidance range, with increased average",
,,access to aligned procurement opportunities.
,margins. These results demonstrate Duratec’s ability to,
,grow and adapt to the inevitable shifts in demand across,
,,We also made significant strides through investment
,"industries and projects, whilst delivering strong levels of",
,,"in, and advancement of, our in-house technologies"
,profitability and maintaining our high safety and quality,
,,to support future growth. We have enhanced our
,standards. For the 12-month reporting period we recorded,
,,"operational capabilities and efficiencies, ensuring we"
,a lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) of zero and a total,
,,remain competitive and dynamic. Our investments in FY24
,recordable injury frequency rate (TRIFR) of 2.74 per 1 million,
10,,"included advanced 3D modelling, adopting further early"
,hours worked.,
,,"contractor involvement practices, and technical assets"
,,such as the Novarc Technologies’ spool welding robot
,"At the end of FY24, our orderbook and pipeline remain",
,,(SWR) which we installed earlier in the year.
,"extremely strong, with projects of varying sizes progressing",
,well and a number of significant projects expected to,
,be awarded in FY25. With an orderbook of $405m and,SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS
,tendered works of $1.4b on within a total $3.8b pipeline,During the year we formalised our Board Sustainability
,"of opportunities, Duratec is well positioned for continued","Committee, with Krista Bates appointed as Chair."
,growth next financial year and beyond.,
,,Our Sustainability function within the business has been
,We declared a final fully franked dividend of 2.5 cents per,working on establishing a baseline of our sustainability
,"share, taking the total dividend for the year to 4 cents per","impacts, with Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions as a priority."
,"share. This represents a payout ratio of 46%, which the",By understanding how our business activities drive
,Board believes strikes a good balance between dividend,"environmental impacts, we will be able to model the impact"
,distribution and preserving cash for future growth. Our,of our business growth aspirations and identify the highest
,"balance sheet remains strong, with net cash of $65.2m","value impact reduction opportunities.  In addition, we are"
,able to support our key growth objectives.,undertaking a risk assessment to ensure the necessary
,,mitigations are in place for key Sustainability-related risks.
,BUSINESS STRATEGY SUPPORTS,
,,The Sustainability Team will work closely with all parts
,ONGOING GROWTH,
,,of the business to progressively ensure Sustainability
,The strong FY24 results were underpinned by our proven,
,,is integrated at a pace and scale that meets the
,business strategy of having a diversified portfolio across,
,,"increasing expectations of our customers, staff and other"
,"various sectors including Defence, Building and Facade,",
,,stakeholders.
,"Mining and Industrial, Energy, Marine and Infrastructure.",
,,We continue to be passionate about supporting women in
,"In FY24, we continued to focus on winning projects that",
,,construction as well as delivering ongoing Aboriginal and
,"capitalise on our expertise, experience and capability,",
,,Torres Strait Islander opportunities and will continue to do
,whilst simultaneously investing in our tender outlook. Early,
,,so in FY25.
,Contractor Involvement (ECI) and catering to every stage of,
,"the life cycle of customers’ assets, remains key in delivering",
,strong end-to-end project outcomes for our clients.,
,"In FY24, we made a number of acquisitions and entered",
,into new partnerships to boost our end-to-end capabilities.,

=== Table 2 (page 40) ===
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS DELIVERY,
"As part of our Business Improvement initiatives, Duratec",Duratec remains future focused and understands the
formally established a Sustainability function in FY24.,requirements of the forthcoming Australian Sustainability
This enables Duratec to have appropriate oversight of,Reporting Standards (ASRS) that are being developed by
our material impacts and ensures accurate tracking and,the Australian Accounting Standards Boards (AASB). The
monitoring of initiative implementation. To further support,Company anticipates being classified into the Group 1
"this, Duratec’s Executive Management Team Sustainability",reporting cohort which will require climate-related financial
Committee meets monthly to address prioritised actions.,disclosures to be included in the FY26 annual report.
Duratec also implemented a Sustainability Committee,
,"In preparation for these disclosures, Duratec has recently"
Charter to establish a Board Sustainability Committee which,
,engaged Automic ESG to undertake a greenhouse gas
can be found on our website.,
,assessment of Scope 1 and 2 emissions (direct emissions).
FOCUSED ON AUSTRALIAN SUSTAINABILITY,Scope 1 and 2 emissions sources include the following:
REPORTING STANDARDS (ASRS) AND,
,"\ Scope 1: Diesel, unleaded petrol, LNG, LPG, Petroleum-"
EMISSIONS CALCULATIONS,
,"based oils and lubricants, and refrigerants"
To ensure our focus remains on sustainability impacts,
"pertinent to our operations, Duratec undertook an initial",\ Scope 2: Electricity
Materiality Assessment aligned with the Sustainability,
,In line with guidance from the GHG Protocol and the AASB
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards. Priority,
,"Sustainability Reporting Exposure Draft (ED SR1), Duratec"
areas identified as part of this assessment are shown below:,
,has chosen an equity share approach to consolidated
,"emissions reporting, which aligns with our financial"
"Dimension
Issue Category",
,reporting approach.
GHG Emissions,
Environment,
,Our FY24 emissions will be reported once calculations
Waste and Hazardous Materials,
,are complete.
Employee Health & Safety,
"Social 
Employee Engagement, Diversity,",
and Inclusion,
Physical impacts of climate change,
Governance,
Supply Chain Management,