=== Page 6 ===
98.6%
Occupancy (by income)
FY24: 99.3%
5.4 years
Weighted average lease expiry (by income)
FY24: 5.9 years
116,490 sqm
Stabilised leasing achieved (on 100% basis)
up 40% on FY24Net zero
Maintained net zero emissions and 100% renewable energy 
purchasing for managed portfolio2
4.9 star
Average NABERS Energy rating
4.8 star
Average NABERS Water ratingPortfolio Sustainability
2. Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3, which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, 
net emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the date of this 
report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to the Sustainability Data Pack for Scope 3 inclusions, 
which will be made available by Dexus on 20 August 2025 on the Dexus website.ASCEND Industrial Estate at 
Jandakot  Airport, WA3
FY25 highlights About DXI Fund Manager’s letter ESG overview Governance Financial report Investor informationFor personal use only

=== Page 15 ===
ESG overview continued
Implementing the Dexus 
Sustainability Strategy
DXI continues to embed the 
Sustainability Strategy and priority 
areas in DXI assets where it has 
operational control. Where operational 
control sits with others, such as 
customers, DXI seeks to influence, work 
with and support the entity that has 
operational control. We are embedding the Sustainability 
Strategy through investment plans, 
sector strategies and asset plans. 
This year we advanced our Climate 
Action priority area through the 
publication of the Dexus Climate 
Transition Action Plan (CTAP). We 
also further defined our Enhancing 
Communities priority area to support 
greater scale and impact, guided 
by the social value theme – creating 
local connections for healthy hearts 
and minds.Sustainability Priority Areas
The priority areas we believe will deliver 
the greater sustainability impact while 
unlocking increased commercial value 
are: Customer Prosperity , Climate 
Action  and Enhancing Communities . 
These areas were selected based 
on our materiality assessments and 
their potential to drive increased 
sustainability and commercial 
outcomes across sectors and 
asset  types.
DXI sustainability priorities aligned to the Dexus Sustainability Strategy 
DXI priority Near term and ongoing
Customer Prosperity –Partnering with customers to reach both their and our sustainability 
goals and strategic priorities 
 –Enabling customers to accelerate the energy transition through solar 
and battery deployment at industrial assets 
 –Leveraging scale to support customer wellbeing through initiatives 
with partners
Climate Action –Maintaining net zero for Scope 1 and 2 emissions across managed assets 
and operations with operational control
 –Enhancing resilience to the impacts of climate change
 –Sourcing 100% renewable electricity for managed assets and balance 
remaining managed asset emissions through investment in high quality 
carbon offsets
 –Investing in assets and technology to support the transition to net zero
 –Understanding and responding to asset-level climate-related physical risks 
and opportunities
Enhancing 
Communities –Creating local connections for healthy hearts and minds and 
amplifying social impact by utilising DXI assets to host activations 
with community  partners 
Foundations –Leveraging the Dexus Platform to drive improvement in asset operations, 
supply chain management and a stronger connection to First Nations 
people through the Dexus Reconciliation Action Plan 
 –Benchmark performance using NABERS and Green Star ratings
 –Ensuring continued strong governance and preparing for incoming 
sustainability reporting  requirements
Dexus Industria REIT 2025 Annual Report12For personal use only

=== Page 17 ===
Customer  
ProsperityWe support customer prosperity 
through designing, developing and 
managing spaces that enhance 
productivity, wellbeing and 
sustainability performance.
Increasing solar and 
renewables access 
for customers
Improving the renewable energy 
capacity of our assets has shared 
benefits for DXI and its customers – 
reducing emissions, lowering energy 
costs, and supporting increased 
customer satisfaction. 
In FY25, we delivered on Dexus’s 2024 
Platform commitment to integrate 
commercial-grade battery storage 
with rooftop solar in all new industrial 
developments, with key initial 
developments under the commitment 
reaching completion this year, including 
facilities at ASCEND Industrial Estate, 
Jandakot. The new facility features 
a 99kW solar array and a 100kWh 
solar battery, supporting efficient 
electricity storage and greater access 
to renewable energy savings for 
customers. DXI assets align with Dexus’s 
broader sustainability commitments, 
including Velociti at Moorebank, 
which reached practical completion 
in FY25. Velociti integrates passive 
design features, rainwater harvesting, 
high-efficiency LED lighting and a 
198kw solar array, adding 297kw of 
solar capacity to the DXI portfolio. Promoting health and 
wellbeing for our customers 
Dexus and DXI are aware of the mental 
health and wellbeing challenges that 
can be present in workplaces. We aim 
to enhance customer and employee 
productivity by offering physical and 
mental health services across our 
assets, including vaccinations, skin 
checks, fitness classes and mental 
health workshops and training through 
our Black Dog partnership. 
Dexus also delivered health awareness 
activations across our platform this 
year, aligned with national events 
such as R U OK? Day. These initiatives 
promoted education, encouraged 
community connection, and created 
opportunities for customers to engage 
in meaningful conversations around 
health and  wellbeing.
Dexus is proud to partner with 
Healthy Heads in Trucks & Sheds 
(HHTS), an  organisation dedicated 
to improving mental health and 
wellbeing in logistics  sectors. 
In May 2025, we hosted our second 
annual “R U OK? in Trucks & Sheds” 
National Day of Action at our Horizon 
3023 property in Ravenhall, Victoria. 
The event brought together industrial 
customers and the HHTS team to help 
reduce stigma and raise awareness of 
mental health challenges in the sector.
Through this partnership, our industrial 
customers also gain access to the 
Healthy Heads App, which provides 
fitness content, resilience tools, 
and crisis support resources.  Healthy Heads in 
Trucks and Sheds
Dexus Industria REIT 2025 Annual Report14For personal use only

=== Page 18 ===
Climate  
Action Our commitment to Climate 
Action supports the transition to 
a decarbonised economy, while 
safeguarding and advancing 
our people, assets and financial 
performance.
Setting our Climate Action 
strategy and aspirations 
In June 2025 Dexus released its 
Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP), 
outlining a continued focus on 
addressing climate change through 
decarbonisation, resilience and 
adaptation, and transition investment. 
The CTAP uses scenario analysis to 
assess climate -related physical and 
transition risks and opportunities facing 
Dexus and DXI from now until 2050 
and sets out a strategy to address 
them. This includes the introduction 
of three new climate aspirations for 
the Dexus Platform and key programs 
we will implement to support their 
achievement. Collectively, these 
aspirations define our strategic direction 
and climate action pathway to 2050.
The insights from Dexus’s risk 
assessment and analysis have 
informed the climate-related risks and 
opportunities identified in the Dexus 
Annual Report and CTAP, as well as 
the programs and work Dexus and DXI 
will complete to mitigate or capitalise 
on these climate -related risks and 
opportunities. These programs align 
to our Climate Action priority areas 
and identify the key areas where we 
can have a meaningful impact on 
the climate transition. DXI will align 
to and embed applicable programs 
to help deliver the Platform’s climate 
aspirations and support the transition 
to net zero by 2050. 
Learn more about our climate 
aspirations, risks and opportunities 
in our CTAP at www.dexus.com/CTAP .Maintaining net zero 
operations
DXI aligns to the Platform’s 
commitments to reduce emissions and 
increase renewable energy throughout 
its portfolio, and in FY25 has continued 
to deliver upon these commitments. 
DXI maintained net zero emissions and 
100% renewable energy purchasing for 
its managed portfolio and operations 
for FY25. Refer to the 2025 Sustainability 
Data Pack for information on 
DXI emissions1.
Understanding and 
enhancing our portfolio 
climate resilience 
In addition to conducting three DXI, 
site-level climate risk assessments in 
FY25, we undertook a portfolio -level 
physical risk assessment to understand 
themes in climate risks and exposures 
throughout our assets. The assessment 
refreshed our view of inherent 
portfolio-related risks. The assessment 
considered the resilience to key climate 
perils of DXI buildings across the 27 DXI 
assets. Assets were assessed against 
high- and low -emissions scenarios to 
understand the impacts that different 
perils could have on our portfolio 
over time. 
The results of this comprehensive 
physical assessment are included in 
the CTAP and will inform the next phase 
or our site risk assessment program. 
Insights on future impacts of climate 
perils will be used to increase portfolio 
resilience through investment strategies 
and asset plans.Integrating sustainability 
within developments
In aligning with the Dexus Sustainability 
Strategy, DXI is focused on embedding 
sustainability throughout activities and 
operations, including developments. 
DXI’s ASCEND industrial estate at 
Jandakot development site applies 
Dexus’s Sustainable Development 
Standards (SDS) principles, balancing 
customer needs with climate-focused 
features. The development has 
incorporated features that prioritises 
embedding conservation technology, 
such as the use of post-tensioned slab 
construction to reduce the embodied 
carbon of the site by 35% of a 
typical  asset. 
1. Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3 which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, 
net emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the date of this 
report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to Sustainability Data Pack available on Dexus 
website on 20 August 2025 for Scope 3 inclusions.15
FY25 highlights About DXI Fund Manager’s letter ESG overview Governance Financial report Investor informationFor personal use only

=== Page 20 ===
Sustainability 
Foundations Dexus’s Sustainability Foundations 
underpin our strategy by addressing 
areas important to our stakeholders 
and enabling greater impact and 
value creation in our Priority Areas. 
110
DXI suppliers engaged through Dexus’s 
annual ESG monitoring program
Dexus’s Sustainability Foundations 
underpin our strategy by addressing 
areas important to our stakeholders 
and enabling greater impact and 
value creation in our Priority Areas. 
These Sustainability Foundations are 
designed to foster trust, enhance 
transparency, and reinforce our social 
license to operate. They are structured 
across three core pillars: Environmental 
Management, Social Performance, 
and Governance and Reporting.Environmental management 
Circularity 
Reducing waste generated at 
our assets and promoting waste 
and recycling behaviours are key 
opportunities to improve resource 
efficiency. The Dexus waste 
management approach includes 
enhancing operational efficiency and 
establishing measurable, scalable 
practices across our portfolio. It also 
includes promoting sustainable waste 
and recycling behaviours for our 
people  and customers. 
DXI’s industrial assets implemented 
an initiative this year to increase 
awareness and uptake of e-waste 
recycling. Through communication 
and engagement with customers, 
DXI has supported the diversion of 
over 1,200kg of e-waste at Brisbane 
Technology  Park.
To improve the operations and 
efficiency of industrial assets across 
the platform, Dexus has commenced 
work to implement smart metering 
for renewable energy and customer 
data usage. Installing smart meters will 
allow usage data to be incorporated 
into existing centralised utilities and 
emissions data systems. The smart 
metering project will support DXI’s 
customers with more accurate and 
timely data which can be tracked 
and shared more effectively. Nature
Our assets are typically located in 
major urban environments with limited 
direct exposure to nature-based 
impacts. However, we recognise 
that our operation, and those within 
our broader value chain, can still 
have meaningful effects on the 
natural environment. Our  approach 
to nature -based solutions is based 
on three steps – preservation, 
regeneration  and  stewardship.
At DXI sites, such as Dexus Industrial 
Estate in Truganina, Victoria, more than 
200,000 plants are being introduced as 
part of a project regenerating Laverton 
Creek and surrounds. The project 
focuses on the regeneration of 
Laverton Creek and surrounds through 
extensive revegetation efforts. A newly 
constructed wetland is designed to 
treat stormwater runoff from the Dexus 
Industrial Estate, as well as upstream 
catchments, improving the quality 
of water entering Laverton Creek. 
By capturing and filtering pollutants 
such as sediment and nutrients, the 
wetland plays a key role in protecting 
and improving downstream ecosystems 
and providing a habitat for a variety 
of aquatic and terrestrial species. 
This project has planted over 200 
trees, 50,000 wetland and aquatic 
species and over 40 different species 
of indigenous plants, all selected to 
support local biodiversity and improve 
the ecological health and resilience of 
the surrounding environment.17
FY25 highlights About DXI Fund Manager’s letter ESG overview Governance Financial report Investor informationFor personal use only