=== Table 1 (page 11) ===
,"Customer satisfaction remains strong,","Following these consultations, we have"
3.  Unlocking deep,,
,with a Net Promoter Score of +41 across,adopted a ‘back-to-basics’ approach
sector expertise,,
,"the office, industrial and healthcare",to remuneration and proposed changes
With our executive team now fully in,,
,sectors (out of a range of -100 to,to the Long-Term Incentive (LTI)
"place, we are well-positioned to drive",,
,+100) demonstrating our continued,"Plan, including a return to traditional"
performance across both sectors,,
,engagement on shared priorities,performance rights measured over
and funds.,,
,"such as climate resilience, waste",a three-and four-year period and
,management and mental health and,an increased importance on TSR.
Our cross-sector expertise is,,
,wellbeing. Our national partnerships,
exemplified by the acquisition of,,
,,Further details on the Board and
,with Black Dog Institute and headspace,
"41 George Street, a B grade office",,
,,our governance practices can
,raise awareness and help to reduce,
building in Brisbane’s CBD that we,,
,,be found on pages 84–91 of this
,stigma associated with mental health.,
"are repurposing into a modern,",,
,,"report, and in our Corporate"
purpose-built student accommodation,,
,We met our FY25 sustainability targets,Governance Statement available at
facility. Leveraging the full breadth,,
,and improved employee engagement,www.dexus.com/corporategovernance.
of our Platform – from office,,
,"to 68%, up seven percentage points",
redevelopment and opportunistic,,
,from FY24.,
investing to infrastructure expertise in,,Summary and outlook
the Australian student accommodation,This result reflects our commitment to,
,,"We invest for the long term, and despite"
sector – we are delivering strong,fostering a supportive and engaging,
,,market challenges over the past few
"outcomes for our funds, DREP1",work experience that empowers our,
,,"years, we are now past the inflection"
and DREP2.,people to thrive and contribute to our,
,,point with valuations for quality assets
,collective success.,
Another example is the delivery of,,turning positive in the second half. Now
the new national archival building,Our commitment to inclusion and,is an attractive time to invest in real
for the New Zealand Government in,diversity delivered initiatives focused,assets. We expect the next phase of
"Wellington, delivered through a turnkey","on gender equity, LGBTQ+ inclusion","the cycle to be driven by fundamentals,"
Public Private Partnership (PPP) that,and reconciliation. We are focused,and our platform of high-quality assets
leveraged office development expertise,"on addressing the gender pay gap,",and deep expertise positions us well
to create a state-of-the-art facility for,and while we are encouraged by our,to deliver for our Security holders
a long-term government partner.,"progress in gender pay gap data, we",and clients.
,recognise we operate in a sector where,
,,"Barring unforeseen circumstances, for"
,it remains an ongoing challenge for,
,,
Sustainability,,"the 12 months ending 30 June 20262,"
,both our organisation and the industry,
,,Dexus expects:
,to achieve gender equity. Further,
We focus on our sustainability priority,,
,details relating to our sustainability,"–
AFFO of 44.5–45.5 cents per security"
areas where we can make the greatest,,
,performance can be found on,
"impact: Customer Prosperity, Climate",,– Distributions of 37.0 cents per security
,pages 52–83.,
Action and Enhancing Communities.,,
,,On behalf of the Board and
,,
Dexus continued to maintain net zero,Governance,
,,"management, we extend our"
"emissions across Scope 1, 2 and some",,
,Our governance and risk,sincere thanks to our people across
Scope 3 emissions1 and procure 100%,,
,management practices are supported,Australia and New Zealand for their
of electricity from renewable sources,,
,"by well-established frameworks,",commitment and contribution to this
for the managed portfolio.,,
,"processes and policies, which we",year’s result. We also thank our funds
"This year, we released our updated",continue to review and strengthen,clients and partners for entrusting us
"Climate Transition Action Plan,",to ensure they remain robust.,with the management of their real
outlining our strategy for managing,,"asset investments, and our customers"
,Our Board comprises seven,
climate-related risks and opportunities,,for their continued loyalty.
,non-executive directors and one,
and advancing a low-carbon,,
,executive director. We are committed,"Importantly, we thank you – our"
future. We are also well progressed,,
,to maintaining diversity across,investors – for your ongoing support.
in preparation for the Australian,,
,"gender, skills and experience. At the",We look forward to continuing to deliver
Sustainability Reporting Standards from,,
,Annual General Meeting (AGM) held,sustained performance.
FY26. Dexus continued to be recognised,,
,"on 30 October 2024, Peeyush Gupta",
"for its strong sustainability performance,",,
,AM was appointed as Independent,Warwick Negus
ranking third among REIT peers and in,,
,"Director. Warwick Negus, Chair of the",Chair
the top 5% globally in the S&P Global,,
,"Board since 2022, and Mark Ford were",
ESG Index.,,
,,Ross Du Vernet
,re-elected as independent directors.,
Dexus and a number of funds also,,Group Chief Executive Officer
,In response to the strike against the,& Managing Director
achieved global recognition in,,
,"2024 Remuneration Report, the Board",
the GRESB 2024 Real Estate and,,
,engaged extensively with proxy,
Infrastructure Assessments.,,
,advisers and investors.,

=== Table 2 (page 11) ===
,advisers and investors.
1.,"Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3 which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, net"
,"emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased, retired (majority) and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the"
,date of this report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to Sustainability Data Pack available at
,www.dexus.com/dxs for Scope 3 inclusions.
,"2.  Based on current expectations relating to asset sales, performance fees and trading profits, APAC litigation assumptions, and subject to no material"
,deterioration in conditions.

=== Table 3 (page 65) ===
How we are delivering climate action,,,
,,,
Net zero,100%,10.7%,24 sites
"Scope 1, 2 and",,,
some Scope 31,Renewable energy sourced,Reduction in energy intensity,Completed site-based
,for the managed portfolio,from our 2019 baseline,"climate risk assessments,"
emissions for our managed,,,
,,,and a refresh to our
"portfolio, achieving our",,,
,,,portfolio physical risk
FY25 target,,,
,,,exposure assessment

=== Table 4 (page 65) ===
,Board focus,
"In FY25, the Board Sustainability Committee met six times, discussing climate-related issues at all meetings, including:",,
–,Endorsing the CTAP for Board approval,– Monitoring progress on our energy intensity
,,reduction target
"– Oversight of net zero transition, climate risk management",,
,and resilience assessments,"–
Addressing climate risk and compliance with ASRS"
,,requirements through joint sessions with the Board Risk
,,Committee and Board Audit Committee
1.,,"Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3 which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, net"
,,"emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased, retired (majority) and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the"
,date of this report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to Sustainability Data Pack available,
,www.dexus.com/dxs for Scope 3 inclusions.,

=== Table 5 (page 67) ===
Board governance and oversight of,"Sustainability, including climate",Climate considerations
climate-related issues,change and climate-related risks and,and remuneration
,"opportunities, has been identified as a",
The Board Sustainability Committee,,Dexus’s commitment to climate and
,"key skill, expertise and experience area",
(BSC) is responsible for overseeing,,sustainability matters includes the
,for the Dexus Board.,
climate issues alongside broader,,inclusion of sustainability performance
sustainability-related matters. Where,,measures in remuneration for all
,"This year, our climate risk analysis",
"relevant, the Board and other Board",,employees. Sustainability measures
,and assessments were reviewed and,
"committees, including the Risk,",,make up 20% of the Group balanced
,discussed jointly by the BSC and,
People and Remuneration and Audit,,"Scorecard, which determines short term"
,the Board Risk Committee. The BSC,
"Committees, will also consider or",,incentive outcomes for all employees.
,considered our risk assessments,
"endorse climate-related decisions,",,The measures in FY25 included
,alongside analysis of commercial,
including climate-related remuneration,,Dexus’s performance in the GRESB
,"drivers such as net present value, rent",
"structures, climate risk management,",,sustainability benchmark and the
,and occupancy to understand the,
upcoming assurance requirements and,,"delivery of sustainability commitments,"
,potential operational and financial,
climate-related disclosures.,,including maintaining net zero on Scope
,impacts presented by physical and,
,,"1, 2 and some Scope 3 emissions1 and"
,transition climate risks to Dexus. This,
To ensure effective oversight of,,
,,delivering our FY25 energy intensity
,discussion supported the BSC’s decision,
climate-related risks and opportunities,,
,,reduction target. Sustainability and
,making and approval of our climate,
the Board undertakes both,,
,,climate considerations are also
,aspirations and programs detailed in,
climate-related and other education,,
,,embedded into key executive variable
,the CTAP.,
through biannual Director's forums,,
,,"remuneration, through relevant"
and additional sessions as required.,,
,,performance measures.
In the past two years this has included,,
"sessions on ASRS requirements, false",,The remuneration report details
claims and greenwashing and an,,Dexus’s remuneration strategy and
introduction to the Dexus Sustainability,,how climate-related considerations
"Academy, deepening the Board's",,among other financial and
understanding of climate regulations,,non-financial measures are factored
and the Dexus sustainability strategy.,,into executive remuneration. For more
,,"information, see pages 92–121 of the"
,,Remuneration Report.

=== Table 6 (page 67) ===
,Delivering FY25 climate action commitments,
,"The table below includes Dexus’s key metrics, goals and targets used to track our climate performance.",
FY25 commitments,Status,FY25 progress
Establish the next iteration of our Climate Transition Action,,Published the Dexus CTAP including new Climate
Plan (CTAP) to support our 1.5-degree decarbonisation,,action aspirations in June 2025
journey across our value chain.,,
Deliver on our FY21 commitment to reduce energy intensity by,,Office energy intensity improved by 10.7% against
10% (against a 2019 baseline) across the Platform managed,,the 2019 baseline.
office portfolio by FY25.,,
Deliver on our FY21 commitment to reduce water intensity by,,Office water intensity improved by 24.4% against
10% (against a 2019 baseline) across the Platform managed,,the 2019 baseline.
office portfolio by FY25.,,
Continue to maintain net zero on Scope 1 and 2,,"Maintained net zero emissions across our Scope 1,"
(and some Scope 3) emissions for our Platform,,2 and some Scope 3 emissions1. We will continue
managed portfolio.,,to prioritise reducing emissions and our reliance
,,"on offsets, in support of our 2040 absolute"
,,zero aspiration.
Continue to procure 100% of electricity from renewable,,Maintained our 100% renewable electricity
sources across the Platform’s managed portfolio in line with,,"sourcing, first achieved in 2022 under our RE100"
our RE100 signatory commitments.,,"commitment, and expanded solar and battery"
,,capacity across the Platform.

=== Table 7 (page 67) ===
"our RE100 signatory commitments.
commitment, and expanded solar and battery"
capacity across the Platform.
"Achieved
 Not achieved
 Progressed"
"1. 
Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3 which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, net"
"emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased, retired (majority) and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the"
date of this report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to Sustainability Data Pack available at
www.dexus.com/dxs for Scope 3 inclusions.

=== Table 8 (page 73) ===
produced the identified and prioritised,,
,,
climate-related risks and opportunities,FY26 commitments,
detailed on pages 68–69. These have,,
also informed the aspirations in our,,
CTAP and the Metrics and Targets,FY26 commitments,Aspiration
section of this report. Further work on,,
,"–
Progress asset decarbonisation strategies",
stress testing will provide insights into,,
,for assets.,
"quantitative impacts, risk magnitude,",,Achieve absolute zero with
"concentration, momentum and",– Maintain net zero on Scope 1 and 2 for the,
,,minimal offsets on Scope 1
uncertainty. See more on our risk,Platform-managed portfolio year-on year.,
,,and 2 emissions on managed
assessment process and insights in,– Continue to procure 100% of electricity from,portfolio by 2040.
the CTAP at www.dexus.com/CTAP.,renewable sources across the Platform’s,
,managed portfolio in line with our RE100,
,signatory commitments.,
,"–
Enhance integration of climate risk assessment",
,and impact quantification into Dexus,
,,Continue to enhance climate
,business processes.,
,,resilience through risk
,"–
Enhance understanding of climate physical",
,,management and adaptation
,risks and adaptation actions by conducting,
,,of the Dexus Platform.
,site climate risk assessments across 15 assets.,

=== Table 9 (page 74) ===
,,"Quarrywest,5 Dolerite Way, Greystanes NSW"
,Our continued efforts in emissions,"This year, we plan to reassess our"
Metrics and targets,,
,reduction and renewable electricity,"current Science Based Target (SBT),"
Dexus sets and uses metrics and,have also supported our certifications,considering the SBT Initiatives' updated
targets to help support and measure,under the Climate Active and RE100,"Corporate Net Zero Standards, changes"
progress towards its climate aspirations.,initiatives. This year we successfully,to Dexus’s portfolio and strategy and
The climate strategy section of this,re-tendered our Western Australia,our new aspirations. In preparation for
report and the Dexus CTAP outline our,"portfolio, maintaining our offtake of",mandatory climate-related disclosures
"refreshed climate aspirations, which will",renewable electricity from a local,"on metrics and targets, this year we"
guide our climate action programs and,renewable electricity generator. We,focused on embedding improvements
initiatives. Our commitments on page 71,will continue to source 100% renewable,to sustainability data management
have been developed to help achieve,energy for the managed portfolio.,and mapping our reporting approach
our aspirations and reach net zero,,for Scope 3 emissions. This includes
,Our aspirations align with the,
by 2050.,,determining appropriate boundaries
,Paris Agreement to pursue efforts,
,,"for reporting emissions, the quality"
We use the National Greenhouse and,to limit global warming to 1.5°C,
,,and availability of emissions data for
Energy Reporting Scheme (NGERs),"above pre-industrial levels, while",
,,different activities and the materiality
definition of operational control,acknowledging our ability to deliver,
,,for Dexus of Scope 3 GHG protocol
to define our boundary. We are,outcomes is impacted by our level,
,,categories. We continue to work
committed to maintaining net zero,of control. Where we have financial,
,,through our approach and timing
year-on-year and to reducing our,and operational control we can own,
,,for reporting and will report in line
use of carbon offsets over time. Our,and deliver outcomes with greater,
,,with Scope 3 reporting requirements
2040 aspiration is to reach absolute,"certainty. When this is not the case,",
,,under ASRS.
zero with minimal offsets for Scope 1,we are supporting and working with,
and 2 emissions across the managed,stakeholders across our value chain on,
portfolio. We define minimal offsets as,the journey to net zero and reducing,
being equivalent to 3% or less of our,our Scope 3 emissions over time. We,
total location-based Scope 1 and 2,will also continue to track our progress,
emissions in 2040.,against our 2030 science-based,
,targets for net zero and emissions,
,intensity reduction.,

=== Table 10 (page 204) ===
,Dexus Annual Report 2025; and,,
-,,The following Select Sustainability Information presented in the Dexus Sustainability Data,
,Pack 2025:,,
,Select Sustainability Information,UoM,Value
,Scope 1 GHG emissions,tCO2e,"7,669"
,Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions,tCO2e,"90,686"
,Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions,tCO2e,0
,Scope 3 location-based GHG emissions,tCO2e,"34,745"
,Scope 3 market-based GHG emissions,tCO2e,"26, 006"
,"Total net GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 & 3 market-based",,
,,tCO2e,0
,emissions),,
,Total net energy consumption,GJ,"610,125"
,Percentage of net electricity consumption (kWh) sourced,,
,,%,100%
,from renewables,,
,Total water consumption,KL,"1,696,687"
,Total waste to landfill,t,"12,191"
,Total recycling,t,"9,798"
,Percentage of female employees as at 30 June 2025 (FTE),%,57
,Percentage of females in senior management as at 30 June,,
,,%,42
,2025 (headcount),,
,Percentage of female Non-Executive Directors as at 30 June,,
,,%,57
,2025,,
,,,Executive Management 0.9:1
,,,Senior Management 1.1:1
,Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men,Ratio,Middle Management 1.1:1
,,,Professional/technical 1:1
,,,Administration/operations 0.9:1
,Absentee Rate (sick days lost per FTE),Number,4.6
,Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR),Number,0
,Fatalities,Number,0
,Site-based Contractors LTIFR,Number,2.6
,Site-based Contractors Fatalities,Number,0
"KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with",,,