=== Page 11 ===
3.  Unlocking deep 
sector  expertise
With our executive team now fully in 
place, we are well-positioned to drive 
performance across both sectors 
and funds. 
Our cross-sector expertise is 
exemplified by the acquisition of 
41 George Street, a B grade office 
building in Brisbane’s CBD that we 
are repurposing into a modern, 
purpose -built student accommodation 
facility. Leveraging the full breadth 
of our Platform – from office 
redevelopment and opportunistic 
investing to infrastructure expertise in 
the Australian student accommodation 
sector – we are delivering strong 
outcomes for our funds, DREP1 
and DREP2. 
Another example is the delivery of 
the new national archival building 
for the New Zealand Government in 
Wellington, delivered through a turnkey 
Public Private Partnership (PPP) that 
leveraged office development expertise 
to create a state-of-the-art facility for 
a long -term government partner.
Sustainability
We focus on our sustainability priority 
areas where we can make the greatest 
impact: Customer Prosperity, Climate 
Action and Enhancing Communities.
Dexus continued to maintain net zero 
emissions across Scope 1, 2 and some 
Scope 3 emissions1 and procure 100% 
of electricity from renewable sources 
for the managed  portfolio.
This year, we released our updated 
Climate Transition Action Plan, 
outlining our strategy for managing 
climate -related risks and opportunities 
and advancing a low-carbon 
future. We are also well progressed 
in preparation for the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards from 
FY26. Dexus continued to be recognised 
for its strong sustainability performance, 
ranking third among REIT peers and in 
the top 5% globally in the S&P Global 
ESG Index. 
Dexus and a number of funds also 
achieved global recognition in 
the GRESB 2024 Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Assessments. Customer satisfaction remains strong, 
with a Net Promoter Score of +41 across 
the office, industrial and healthcare 
sectors (out of a range of -100 to 
+100) demonstrating our continued 
engagement on shared priorities 
such as climate resilience, waste 
management and mental health and 
wellbeing. Our national partnerships 
with Black Dog Institute and headspace 
raise awareness and help to reduce 
stigma associated with mental health.
We met our FY25 sustainability targets 
and improved employee engagement 
to 68%, up seven percentage points 
from FY24. 
This result reflects our commitment to 
fostering a supportive and engaging 
work experience that empowers our 
people to thrive and contribute to our 
collective  success.
Our commitment to inclusion and 
diversity delivered initiatives focused 
on gender equity, LGBTQ+ inclusion 
and reconciliation. We are focused 
on addressing the gender pay gap, 
and while we are encouraged by our 
progress in gender pay gap data, we 
recognise we operate in a sector where 
it remains an ongoing challenge for 
both our organisation and the industry 
to achieve gender equity. Further 
details relating to our sustainability 
performance can be found on 
pages  52–83.
Governance
Our governance and risk 
management  practices are supported 
by well -established frameworks, 
processes and policies, which we 
continue to review and strengthen 
to ensure they remain robust.
Our Board comprises seven 
non-executive directors and one 
executive director. We are committed 
to maintaining diversity across 
gender, skills and experience. At the 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) held 
on 30 October 2024, Peeyush Gupta 
AM was appointed as Independent 
Director. Warwick Negus, Chair of the 
Board since 2022, and Mark Ford were 
re-elected as independent directors.
In response to the strike against the 
2024 Remuneration Report, the Board 
engaged extensively with proxy 
advisers and investors. Following these consultations, we have 
adopted a ‘back-to-basics’ approach 
to remuneration and proposed changes 
to the Long -Term Incentive (LTI) 
Plan, including a return to traditional 
performance rights measured over 
a three-and four-year period and 
an increased importance on TSR.
Further details on the Board and 
our governance practices can 
be found on pages 84–91 of this 
report, and in our Corporate 
Governance Statement available at 
www.dexus.com/corporategovernance .
Summary and outlook
We invest for the long term, and despite 
market challenges over the past few 
years, we are now past the inflection 
point with valuations for quality assets 
turning positive in the second half. Now 
is an attractive time to invest in real 
assets. We expect the next phase of 
the cycle to be driven by fundamentals, 
and our platform of high-quality assets 
and deep expertise positions us well 
to deliver for our Security holders 
and clients.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, for 
the 12 months ending 30 June 20262, 
Dexus expects:
 –AFFO of 44.5–45.5 cents per security
 –Distributions of 37.0 cents per security
On behalf of the Board and 
management, we extend our 
sincere thanks to our people across 
Australia and New Zealand for their 
commitment and contribution to this 
year’s result. We also thank our funds 
clients and partners for entrusting us 
with the management of their real 
asset investments, and our customers 
for their  continued loyalty.
Importantly, we thank you – our 
investors – for your ongoing support. 
We look forward to continuing to deliver 
sustained performance.
Warwick Negus  
Chair
Ross Du Vernet  
Group Chief Executive Officer 
& Managing Director
1. Covers Scope 1, 2 and some Scope 3 which received limited assurance. In line with Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, net 
emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 include offsets purchased, retired (majority) and allocated for retirement during the year and up to the 
date of this report. Final Climate Active certification expected to be achieved post-reporting period. Refer to Sustainability Data Pack available at 
www.dexus.com/dxs  for Scope 3 inclusions.
2. Based on current expectations relating to asset sales, performance fees and trading profits, APAC litigation assumptions, and subject to no material 
deterioration in conditions.9
Overview Approach Performance Governance Directors’ report Financial report Investor information

=== Page 13 ===
ManagingOwning
DevelopingOur key
areas of 
operation
Real estateInfrastructureWe create 
value 
through 
our key 
business 
activities
Megatrends shape our operating environment, generating  
both risks and opportunities that impact how we create  
value through our business model.Identifying and understanding our material matters 
and risks is critical in the development and delivery of 
our strategy.Financial performance  Page 30
 –Distribution per security
 –Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) per security
 –Return on Contributed Equity (ROCE)
 –Total Security holder Return (TSR)
 –Gearing
Thriving cities  Page 40
 –Scale: value of real asset portfolio
 –Customer demand and space use: property portfolio occupancy
 –Economic contribution: supported construction jobs and Gross 
Value Added to the economy from development projects
 –Development pipeline: value of the Dexus Platform real estate 
development pipeline
Unlocking our potential  Page 52
 –Employee engagement: employee engagement score
 –Gender diversity: female representation in senior 
and executive management roles
 –Health and safety: workplace safety audit score
Customer prosperity  Page 58
 –Customer experience: customer Net Promoter Score
 –Initiatives that enhance occupant health and wellbeing 
benchmarked using the NABERS Indoor Environment 
performance rating
Climate action  Page 62
 –Climate resilience: reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, 
electricity sourced from renewables and investing in the 
climate transition
 –Resource efficiency: reductions in energy and water intensity 
and waste management
 –Performance ratings: NABERS and Green Star ratings
Enhancing communities  Page 74
 –Community contributions: including community investment 
and volunteering value
 –Social value: number of connections createdThe value we create
Our strategy  Page 14
Deliver superior risk -adjusted 
returns  for Dexus security holders 
and our capital partners by owning, 
managing and developing quality 
real estate and infrastructure assets.
Our sustainability strategy  Page 16
Unlock the potential of real assets to 
create lasting positive impact and a 
more  sustainable tomorrow.
Priority areas:
 –Customer prosperity
 –Climate action
 –Enhancing communities
Our sustainability strategy is underpinned by 
our foundational areas
Social and 
demographic 
changeSustainability 
revolutionMateriality and Key risks  Page 2011
Overview Approach Performance Governance Directors’ report Financial report Investor information

=== Page 21 ===
Customers
Our capacity to create value 
depends on maintaining strong 
relationships with our customers.
We support the prosperity of 
our customers through the 
investment, design, development 
and management of real assets. 
Dexus’s products and services aim 
to support occupant wellbeing 
and sustainability performance.Environment
The efficient use of natural 
resources and management 
of environmental risks and 
opportunities supports our 
creation of value through 
delivering cost efficiencies 
and,  operational resilience.
We understand, 
monitor and manage our 
environmental impact, setting 
short-term and long-term 
measurable environmental 
performance  targets.
We prepare for the physical 
impacts of climate change, 
while harnessing opportunities 
that support the transition 
to a low-carbon economy.Communities
The success of our assets and 
value creation relies on effective 
engagement with the diverse 
local communities they are 
a part of.
We focus on placemaking and 
amenity to improve accessibility 
and inclusiveness of assets for 
people and communities, while 
our infrastructure investments 
provide access to services that 
have social and community value.
Customer prosperity
Productive and satisfied 
customers, supported by 
high-performing real assets that 
enhance the wellbeing of the 
individuals and communities who 
work within and visit our assets.
How we measure value
 –Customer experience: 
customer Net Promoter Score
 –Initiatives that enhance 
occupant health and wellbeing 
benchmarked using the 
NABERS Indoor Environment 
performance rating
Page 58Climate action
A transition to a decarbonised 
economy, while safeguarding and 
advancing our people, assets and 
financial  returns.
How we measure value
 –Climate resilience: reductions 
in greenhouse gas emissions, 
electricity sourced from 
renewables and investing in the 
climate transition
 –Resource efficiency: reductions 
in energy and water intensity 
and waste management
 –Performance ratings: NABERS 
and Green Star ratings
Pages 62–73 & 82–83Enhancing communities
Enabled and strengthened 
communities, supported through 
assets featuring inclusive 
and accessible design and 
placemaking and investment 
in infrastructure that creates 
social  value.
How we measure value
 –Community contributions: 
including community 
investment and 
volunteering  value
 –Social value: number of 
connections created
Page 7419
Overview Approach Performance Governance Directors’ report Financial report Investor information

=== Page 63 ===
Through our customer community 
portal, we provide customers 
with curated mental health and 
wellbeing services and resources. 
Portal customers have responded 
positively to these offerings, 
with 89% reporting that they feel 
healthier, more productive and more 
connected as a result. We also provided 
face-to-face and online mental health 
training workshops through our national 
partner Black Dog Institute across 
our office portfolio. These workshops 
provided foundational training to 
support customers’ mental health 
literacy and more tailored training for 
people leaders. In FY25 there were 
over 375 participants in mental health 
training  sessions.
Supporting customers on 
their sustainability journeys 
To support our customers to achieve 
their sustainability goals, enhance our 
asset performance and deliver on our 
strategic priorities, we provide tailored 
technical solutions, education and 
engagement opportunities.
Increasing customer access to 
solar and renewable energy
Enhancing the renewable energy 
capacity of our assets has shared 
benefits for Dexus and its customers 
– reducing emissions, lowering 
energy costs and supporting greater 
customer  satisfaction. 
In FY25, we delivered on our 
FY24 commitment to integrate 
commercial grade battery storage 
with rooftop solar across all new 
industrial  developments. We completed projects at our industrial 
estates, Horizon 3023, Ravenhall and 
ASCEND at Jandakot, adding 299kW 
in solar battery storage this year. These 
assets also added over 1MW combined 
capacity in solar arrays during FY25. 
Across the Platform, we now have a 
solar capacity of 9,851kW – equivalent 
to the yearly energy required to power 
730 Australian households.
Customer demand for accessible 
and affordable renewable energy 
remains strong. Established in 2021, our 
GreenPower Buyers Group continues 
to grow to support customer demands. 
Our 20 members have collectively 
purchased over 5,876 megawatt-hours 
of renewable electricity and avoided 
more than 4,100 tonnes of greenhouse 
gas emissions since inception.
Enhancing sustainability 
awareness and capability
We help customers build climate 
awareness and take meaningful action 
through targeted learning opportunities 
and activities.
In FY25, over 1,200 customers 
participated in activations across 
18 office sites during National Recycling 
Week, supporting the theme Join the 
Cycle. Activities included recycling trivia, 
lobby games and “pickle-your-scraps” 
workshops – promoting practical waste 
reduction in a fun, accessible way.
We also delivered Climate 101 
workshops, covering the fundamental 
science behind climate change, 
offsetting and practical mitigation 
strategies. To support deeper 
engagement, we offered online 
access to climate experts to address 
specific customer challenges. 
Across our national office portfolio, 
135 participants attended both online 
and in-person sessions.Adapting our portfolio for future 
customer needs 
Traditional fitouts can account for 
up to 40% of a building’s life cycle 
carbon emissions, presenting a 
significant opportunity to reduce 
environmental impact. We are 
reimagining workplace fitouts across 
both existing and development assets 
to deliver accessible, sustainable 
and future-focused workspaces in 
collaboration with our customers. 
In FY25, we launched Forever Fitout 
– a modular, low-carbon office fitout 
solution designed to reduce complexity 
and time delays, minimise emissions 
and offer scalable, customisable 
designs that adapt to evolving 
customer needs. 
We are also continuing to implement 
GreenKey®, our sustainable fitout 
standard for development assets. 
GreenKey® embeds robust social 
and environmental principles into 
the building fitout process, helping 
customers meet their own sustainability 
targets while reducing time and cost to 
deliver best-practice outcomes.
Our Waterfront Brisbane development 
is the first to fully embed GreenKey®, 
with lease documentation designed to 
support all new customers in adopting 
the approach. 
Looking ahead, by FY27 we plan 
to extend the delivery and scale of 
both GreenKey® and Forever Fitout 
across appropriate office assets and 
future developments for which Dexus 
maintains operational control.
Maintain a Customer NPS at or above +50 for office and achieve year-on-year improvements for industrial, healthcare and 
retail using FY25 scores as our baseline.
Maintain a 5 Star portfolio average NABERS Indoor Environment rating for the Platform office portfolio.
Progress four sustainability-linked customer programs by FY27, Including a waste reduction program and access to renewable 
energy program in FY26.
Deliver expanded Forever Fitout and GreenKey® programs by FY27. FY26 Commitments61
Overview Approach Performance Governance Directors’ report Financial report Investor information