=== Page 15 ===
Our material matters 
This year, we completed a preliminary double materiality 
assessment to better understand the issues, risks and 
opportunities that matter most – both to our business 
and industry. This builds on previous materiality work 
and keeps us focused on our environmental, social and 
governance priorities.
The materiality process
To identify where sustainability impacts, risks and 
opportunities may be present, we first mapped the key 
upstream and downstream parts of our value chain. 
In Retail, this included key activities across our stores, 
online channels, packaging and production. For our 
Hotels business, we mapped key activities across 
gaming, hospitality and accommodation, as well  
as renewals and fit-outs.
We then consulted with our senior leaders and 
external stakeholders to validate the impacts, risks 
and opportunities identified. 
There was strong agreement on the importance of 
acting responsibly in our interactions with customers, 
team and suppliers, as well as a continued focus on 
regulatory and compliance-related matters that have 
bearing on our licence to operate. 
Many stakeholders are also eager to see our progress on 
climate change – in particular, our emissions reductions 
plans on the path to our 2030 and 2050 targets.
We then compared our approach to other retailers and 
hotel operators, both locally and globally. This helped 
us understand how evolving sustainability disclosures 
and reporting may affect us, and what we can learn 
from peers and suppliers already responding to 
these changes.Understanding our impact 
The materiality assessment process encourages 
businesses and industry to consider the impacts 
that they may have on society and the environment 
– both positive and negative. 
Environmental impacts in our industries include 
GHG emissions linked to energy use and refrigerants, 
waste from packaging, and water usage in 
production processes. 
From a societal perspective, the biggest issues and 
impacts relate to data privacy, responsible marketing 
and service of alcohol and gaming, as well as the health, 
safety and wellbeing of team. 
Assessing financial materiality 
Our double materiality assessment also considered 
how ESG-related risks and opportunities may affect 
our business financially, with findings tested against 
an internally set materiality threshold to determine 
which areas may carry a financial risk to Endeavour 
if poorly managed. 12

=== Page 18 ===
We approach data privacy and cyber security as a 
Board-level risk, embedding legal compliance and 
employee capability-building to protect customer and 
business data. Our team undergoes mandatory privacy 
and cyber training on a regular basis, plus refresher 
training whenever our processes change. 
We prioritise transparent communication with our 
customers regarding how their data is collected, 
used and protected. Our technical safeguards include encryption protocols, 
multi-factor authentication and layered access controls 
for all customer-facing brands and internal systems. 
This approach, with team capability, robust technical 
controls and third-party assurance, aims to minimise  
risk and reinforce customer trust in our brands.
  For more information about our approach, see page 51Material topic:  Data privacy and security
Material topic:  Team health, safety and wellbeing
Material topic:  Energy and climate changeWe believe creating a positive and supportive work 
environment leads to improved employee satisfaction 
and long-term business success. This means the health, 
safety and wellbeing of our 30,000+ strong team is a 
core contributor to our business value. 
Everyone who works with our business is required 
to adhere to stringent health and safety protocols 
across our network of sites and has access to targeted 
wellbeing programs. We have a safety-first approach 
that requires regular risk assessments, incident 
reporting and mandatory work health and safety 
training, with Board-level oversight of trends and 
progress against targets. Our annual Voice of Team survey and regular listening 
sessions capture frontline feedback on overall 
engagement and retention, with results used to 
refine programs.
Through our wellbeing program, Endeavour Wellbeing 
and Support, we provide our team more holistic 
support across physical, mental and financial wellbeing. 
We also offer Mental Health First Aid training for leaders 
to build capability in supporting individuals who may 
be suffering a mental health crisis, until emergency or 
professional support is available.
  For more information about our approach, see pages 44–45
Our management of energy and climate change 
combines long-term transition planning with near- and 
medium-term actions to help us to continue to reduce 
our environmental footprint.  
 
We recognise the importance of building an 
understanding of climate change impact on the 
business. Over the last few years, we have completed 
a climate risk assessment and a qualitative scenario 
analysis, and this year we have performed our first 
quantitative scenario analysis. We are still working 
through our findings and reviewing opportunities to 
integrate these risks into Endeavour’s enterprise risk 
management processes.
 This year, we have worked to strengthen the processes 
we use to capture, track and validate our scopes 1 and 2 
emissions, as well as building an inventory of our 
scope 3 emissions. We have also started to develop 
preliminary roadmaps to achieve our emissions 
reduction targets. 
Key initiatives are underway to address our material 
energy emissions, including continued roll-out of solar 
installations and transcritical refrigeration systems, as 
well as sourcing renewable energy for two of our winery 
and vineyard sites.
  For more information about our approach, see pages 52–61Overview Responsibility and community Appendix People PlanetEndeavour Group  
2025 Sustainability Report15

=== Page 57 ===
Our climate strategy focuses on strengthening operational 
resilience and driving innovation to reduce emissions. This supports 
the long-term sustainability of our business and the planet. 
Climate change is a material sustainability issue 
relevant to all our stakeholders, our business, and 
every community in which we operate. 
We’re on a journey to enhance our management and 
disclosure of this issue and working to progressively 
improve our disclosure against the incoming Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards.
We are committed to transparency as we mature and 
adapt. More detailed disclosure about our approach to 
climate change can be found on pages 26 to 29 in the 
Endeavour Group 2025 Annual Report. Climate Change Governance
The Endeavour Board, supported by the Audit, Risk and 
Compliance Management Committee, oversees how 
we manage climate-related risks and opportunities. 
The Board receives quarterly updates on our progress 
against Planet commitments in the Sustainability 
Strategy. Our Executive Leadership Team, with input 
from sustainability leads, manages climate risks and 
opportunities through our broader risk management 
process, and is responsible for operationalising 
environmental improvements.
Risk Management
Climate change is an identified material risk to 
Endeavour Group and its business operations. 
Both our climate-related and other sustainability 
risks are identified, assessed and managed using 
our risk management framework; with continuous 
monitoring and reporting of non-financial risks across 
the organisation. We review and update this on an 
annual basis, using the time horizons of short-term 
(one to three years), medium-term (three to 10 years) 
and long-term (10 to 25 years).
Climate Change Strategy
Our climate change strategy is informed by detailed 
climate risk assessments and scenario analyses to 
determine the potential impacts of climate change  
on our businesses and brands. 
As previously reported, we completed our climate 
risk and opportunities assessment in F23, and our first 
qualitative scenario analysis in F24, which allowed us 
to better understand how our key climate-related risks 
could materialise under different plausible futures. 
To build on this work, and help guide our future 
decision-making and strategy development in this area, 
in F25 we undertook our first quantitative scenario 
analysis. These findings – and more information 
about our climate change strategy – are detailed 
on pages 26 to 29 of Endeavour Group’s 2025 
Annual Report.
Climate change Goal 954

=== Page 58 ===
Building climate resilience 
Understanding our key risks and opportunities has helped us to prioritise areas of focus, identifying no-regret 
and low-regret actions to build climate resilience across our business. 
Five focus areas, determined across three key planning categories: transition, physical resilience and disclosure, 
have been considered under multiple scenarios. There are actions to address the climate-related impacts in these 
areas already underway, as well as actions which form part of our future business planning and decision-making.
Focus area Actions
 Emissions  
reduction strategy• Development of an annual emissions baseline and an emissions projection 
to understand the gap to net zero 2050.
• Mapping of opportunities for emission reduction projects.
• Development of emissions reduction strategy.
• Ongoing review of Endeavour’s renewable energy procurement strategy.
• Finalise initial Scope 3 baseline footprint.
Data needs  
for compliance• Investigation of data availability and collection needs to meet disclosure 
and/or reporting requirements.
• Finalise baseline data to understand current position and exposure to 
reporting requirements.
Roadmap to  
compliance• Work through the roadmap towards ASRS compliance.
• Continue to embed the systems and processes required for F26 reporting.
Refrigerant  
phase-out• Investigation of options for phased replacement of refrigerants.
• Develop a roadmap and transition plan for refrigerants.
 Physical risk  
preparedness• Completion of Pinnacle site reviews to determine best way forward to 
address physical risks.
• Investigation of local water conservation opportunities at sites.
Responsibility and community Appendix People Planet Overview55Endeavour Group  
2025 Sustainability Report

=== Page 59 ===
Metrics and Targets
In our Sustainability Strategy, we committed 
to the following Planet targets:
• By 2030, sourcing 100% renewable electricity 
to power our business; and 
• By 2050, Endeavour Group will have net zero 
emissions (Scope 1 and 2 only). 
As our operations and supply chains are complex and 
geographically diverse, the collection and validation 
of our emissions data has proven challenging to date. 
This, in turn, has impacted our ability to accurately 
track and report progress against targets. 
In F25, we prioritised two major streams of work:
1. Governance uplift : working to improve the 
completeness and accuracy of our emissions data, 
as well as improving the governance, controls 
and process of data collection in order to meet 
and assure against the incoming Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards. In F25, our 
total energy consumed was 1,992,026 GJ,and our 
total Scope 1 and 2 emissions contributed 356,599 
tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO₂e). For 
more information and context, see Appendix page 
65, and page 29 of the 2025 Endeavour Group 
Annual Report. 
2. Development of preliminary roadmaps : 
timelines and targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2 
emissions to net zero. 
We have also continued to implement a range of 
initiatives to reduce emissions and drive efficiencies, 
as outlined below. 
Solar installations
277 sites have solar installations, with 58 additional 
sites added in F25. Since the introduction of our solar 
program, we’ve developed a better understanding 
of the systems, components and brands we 
need to guarantee quality, durability and visibility 
on performance. Solar installations generated 
22,371 MWh of power in F25, with additional 
installations planned in F26.Sourcing renewable energy
Our Cape Mentelle (Margaret River region, WA) and 
Isabel Estate 1 (Marlborough region, NZ) sites sourced 
100% renewable electricity for power usage. 
Smart control systems
175 of our retail sites feature smart control systems, 
which allow our teams to centrally manage light and air 
conditioning settings and automate soft fridge covers.
Refrigeration
As refrigeration remains a large component of our 
energy usage, we review new technologies to reduce 
impact wherever possible. In new sites, we are installing 
energy efficient transcritical refrigeration systems, 
which use CO2 instead of synthetic refrigeration gases 
and are considered lower-emissions options. In F25, we 
installed seven new transcritical systems in retail sites, 
including Bacchus Marsh, Heathcote and Middle Park.
Electronic Shelf Labelling
Electronic Shelf Labelling (ESL) has replaced paper 
ticketing in all 282 Dan Murphy’s stores nationally, saving 
an estimated eight million sheets annually. Powered 
by energy efficient, long lasting battery systems, ESLs 
provide a better customer experience with improved 
pricing accuracy. LED ‘light up’ functionality supports 
locating products using the ‘Ask Uncle Dan’ app.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions profile
 Electricity
Refrigerants79%
16% Gas
Other3%
2%56