=== Page 7 ===
Sustainability
Our progress as an organization is driven by a vision of 
inspired people creating sustainable transportation solutions. 
As we work towards our vision, we will consider ways to 
integrate sustainable practices into our business. This 
includes understanding where we generate our emissions to 
support development of decarbonisation plans in alignment 
with a wider sustainability strategy. We have partnered 
with customers, suppliers, and industry experts to evaluate 
our environmental, social and governance responsibilities, 
working towards a net zero future. 
Towards this goal, we established an employee run 
MakeSustainable Committee in March 2024, to advise 
on sustainability actions and opportunities, including 
environmental management, greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction strategies and initiatives. The Committee 
is still researching opportunities to recommend to 
Executive Management. 
People 
Our team drives our progress and growth, and many 
individuals contribute to the Group’s success. We are 
committed to recognising accomplishments and believe this 
is integral in retaining and attracting skilled talent. 
The Engenco Leaders Program has demonstrated positive 
results, enabling current and future leaders to develop skills 
and lead their teams successfully. Further, in support of our 
people the Certificate in Leadership scholarship program 
will commence in the first quarter of FY25. We continue to support apprentices across the business as we build a 
sustainable skills pipeline for future success. 
There are now numerous initiatives which demonstrate our 
commitment to our people. We have extended our employee 
recognition program, Elevate a Workmate , introduced paid 
parental leave for both primary and secondary care givers in 
support of new families, and provide paid volunteer leave. 
We have seen positive improvements in employee 
engagement through our twice-yearly Engagement Survey in 
line with our commitment to social responsibility. The positive 
impact of the integrated approach to people and community 
has bound us closer to the communities in which we work. 
The Group’s Diversity and Inclusion Plan aims to build a 
more respectful and inclusive workplace, prioritsing positive 
relationships within the community. One example is our 
partnership with the Clontarf Foundation, which exists to 
improve the education, self-esteem, life skills and employment 
prospects of young Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander men 
and equip them to participate more meaningfully in society. 
We have welcomed numerous Clontarf academies to our sites 
and look forward to continuing support of the Foundation and 
indigenous communities. 
We are preparing to launch a Reflect Reconciliation Action 
Plan, which will outline our structured approach to advance 
reconciliation. The Group has participated in indigenous 
cultural awareness training, delivered by an Australian Human 
Rights Commission recommended organisation, Evolve 
Communities. The cultural awareness this provides supports 
our commitment to creating a more inclusive culture where all 
employees feel valued and included.
$96.9m
Net assets$4.7m
Net cash
Engenco Limited and its controlled entities  Annual Report 2024
5

=== Page 15 ===
Hedemora is providing innovative 
solutions, through the replacement of 
older diesel and gas engine turbochargers 
with modern equipment. 
The HS7800 turbocharger improves locomotive 
performance in several areas including reduced 
fuel consumption, improved temperature control, 
and quicker speed response, in addition to reducing 
carbon emissions.
Partnering with a key customer, Hedemora is currently 
trialling the HS7800 turbocharger on an GE 7FDL engine.Hedemora expands its presence in the  
North American market 
Hedemora’s skilled technicians travelled to Calgary, 
Alberta to facilitate the installation and commissioning 
of the new turbocharger, in collaboration with the 
customer’s team. The trial will span 12 months, providing 
data to validate the efficiencies and performance 
improvements the turbochargers delivers.
Following the trial’s success Hedemora anticipate 
additional turbocharger installations to North American 
locomotive fleets. 
Driving efficiences 
and reducing 
emissions
Engenco Limited and its controlled entities  Annual Report 2024
13

=== Page 25 ===
Environmental Regulation
Group operations are subject to significant environmental 
regulation under Commonwealth, State and international law, 
including noise, air emissions and the use, handling, haulage 
and disposal of dangerous goods and wastes. 
The Group follows practices that minimise adverse 
environmental impacts and comply with environmental 
requirements.
The Board is not aware of any significant breaches during the 
periods covered by this report nor does it consider the Group 
is subject to any material environmental liabilities.
The Group continues to comply with environmental 
regulations in all material respects.
National Greenhouse and Energy 
Reporting Guidelines
The Group’s environmental obligations are regulated under 
both Federal and State law. The Group is not subject to 
the conditions imposed by the registration and reporting 
requirements of the National Greenhouse and Energy 
Reporting Act 2007.
Risk Management
The Group has an established risk management framework 
which it continues to develop and evolve to support diligent 
and defensible decision making. The Group acknowledges 
that risk is an inherent part of operating the businesses, 
with effective risk management considered important to 
delivering on our objectives and continued growth. The 
Group is committed to enhancing the effective identification, 
assessment and management of risk associated with 
its corporate activities and operations to ensure the 
sustainability and growth of its business.
The Group’s approach to risk management is underpinned 
by a view that management, employees and contractors are 
collectively responsible for identifying and managing the 
Group’s risks, with the Board responsible for oversight of risk 
management and setting the risk appetite of the organisation. 
The risk appetite is demonstrated through the Group’s 
risk assessment criteria, enterprise risk register, policies, 
standards and Code of Conduct. The focus of the Board 
and Executive Management is on ensuring that all major 
business decisions are made with due regard to the risks and 
opportunities associated with such decisions.
An important element underpinning the Group’s risk 
management in its Company culture. The Group’s culture 
is guided by our Code of Conduct and core values being 
integrity, commitment, collaboration and excellence.Risk Management Framework
The corporate and operational risk management activities 
are guided by the Group’s risk management framework, 
comprising a Risk Management Policy, Risk Appetite 
Statement, Enterprise Risk Register and risk assurance 
system. The framework is aligned to ISO 31000 Risk 
Management guidelines and provides a consistent approach 
to the assessment, management and reporting of risks 
across the Group. The framework is overseen by the Audit 
& Risk Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee makes 
recommendations to the Board on the risk management 
framework and monitors the key risks.
Key Risks
The achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives is 
subject to various risks and uncertainties, some of which 
are beyond its control. Set out below is a summary of the 
Group’s key risks, being those with the potential to have a 
material impact on the achievement of strategic objectives, 
including impacting on business, operating and/or financial 
results and performance. The Group’s risk reporting and 
control mechanisms are designed to ensure strategic, safety, 
environment, operational, legal, financial, tax, reputational 
and other risks are identified, assessed and appropriately 
managed. These risks may arise individually, simultaneously 
or in combination and are not intended as an exhaustive 
list of all the risks and uncertainties associated with the 
Group’s business.
Rolling quarterly reviews of specific risks are undertaken with 
accountable Executive risk owners, with any changes and 
emerging risks presented to the Audit & Risk Committee and 
Board. An annual review of the Company’s full strategic risk 
profile is also undertaken by the Board.
The Group’s key risks and the strategies devised to mitigate 
these risks are summarised below.
Economic and Market Factors
The Group’s revenue and earnings are influenced by a range of 
factors outside of its control and that can significantly impact 
the overall economic environment, including commodity and 
energy prices, prolonged cost escalation, fluctuating freight 
costs and foreign exchange rates.
To mitigate the risk of a material impact on the Group we 
monitor macroeconomic indicators and trends, maintain 
a strong balance sheet and implement hedging strategies 
where appropriate. In addition, the Group seeks to standardise 
commercial terms for new contracts to address some of 
these risks. These factors assist the Group in mitigating 
the potential impact of any material slowdown in economic 
activity or increased competitive conditions.
Engenco Limited and its controlled entities  Annual Report 2024
23