=== Page 5 ===
5
It is also satisfying that in a global warming environment, the need for 
major reductions in carbon emissions that the carbon footprint of our 
integrated graphite business from mine site to battery graphite production 
is minimal.
The other eco-friendly benefit of our purification technology is its 
scalability, ability to be co-located in the manufacturing hubs and its 
adaptability to recycling of anode material. Anode recycling testwork on 
production scrap to end-of-life batteries with battery and electric vehicle 
manufacturers continued during the year.
These achievements in the graphite space have not gone unnoticed 
and have been well received by industry and government including 
discussions with the US Defence Department for a US$76 million award 
for development of a Purification Facility in the US and discussions on 
funding with the EU.
The Company’s planned investment in mining and processing in Tanzania 
will create a transformative financial and social uplift in our region and 
a significant contribution to the Tanzanian economy. Our commitment 
to community engagement, support and sustainability is central to our 
activities and our team, led by our Tanzanian Director Christer Mhingo, 
engage continuously with the community and government at all levels to 
ensure these commitments are upheld.
With gold at record highs of up to A$5,500, mention needs to be made 
of our Golden Eagle Project which is awaiting licence approval and which 
is being vigorously pursued. With it sitting along strike of intercepts of up 
to 16 metres of 1.7 ounces gold per tonne2, both our partners AngloGold 
Ashanti and our team are very excited to commence exploration as soon 
as possible on this very prospective property.
The world needs graphite and it is recognised as critical for industrial 
growth and security. Your Company aims to become a reliable, competitive 
and eco-friendly supplier of quality graphite products. Our projects have 
innate competitive advantages and the achievements of the EcoGraf 
team this year have gone a long way towards meeting these aims.
I would like to thank our team for their hard work and achievements 
during the year and thank you, our shareholders, for your continued 
interest and support.These achievements 
in the graphite 
space have not gone 
unnoticed and have 
been well received 
by industry and 
government5
Robert Pett  
Independent Non-Executive  
Director and Chairman
2 Refer Tanga Resources Limited ASX Announcement of 17 July 2017.

=== Page 7 ===
Our Vertically Integrated Value Chain
UPSTREAM  
In Tanzania, the Company is developing the 
TanzGraphite natural flake graphite business, 
commencing with the Epanko Graphite Project, to 
provide a long-term, scalable supply of feedstock for 
EcoGraf® battery anode material processing facilities, 
together with high quality large flake graphite products 
for specialised industrial applications. MIDSTREAM
The Company is undertaking planning for its Mechanical 
Shaping Facility in Tanzania, which will process natural 
flake graphite into spherical graphite (SpG). This 
mechanical micronising and spheronising is the first 
step in the conversion of high-quality flake graphite 
concentrate into battery grade anode material used in 
the production of lithium-ion batteries.
DOWNSTREAM
Using its environmentally superior EcoGraf HFfree® 
purification technology, the Company will upgrade the 
SpG to produce 99.95%C high performance battery 
anode material to supply electric vehicle, battery 
and anode manufacturers in Asia, Europe and North 
America. RECYCLE
Battery recycling is critical to improving supply chain 
sustainability and the Company’s successful application 
of the EcoGraf HFfree®  purification process to recycle 
battery anode material provides a unique ability to 
support customers to reduce CO2 emissions and lower 
battery costs.7

=== Page 9 ===
People and Safety
We put safety above all else. Our people are our greatest 
asset, and their physical and mental well-being is our 
highest priority.
Community and Partnerships
We build meaningful and respectful partnerships with all 
key stakeholders, including local communities, to generate 
shared value and ensure lasting impact.
Innovation Mindset
We leverage advanced technologies that minimise 
carbon emissions, improve energy efficiency, and reduce 
environmental impact throughout the value chain.
Sustainability
We are committed to responsible resource development 
that balances economic growth with environmental 
stewardship and social responsibility.
Value-Driven Integrity
We operate with transparency, accountability, and ethical 
standards in all our dealings—with investors, communities, 
and regulators.Core Values 
Through the Core Values development undertaken this year, EcoGraf is 
strengthening a culture that aligns with its strategic goals and deepens 
stakeholder engagement. Supported by these refreshed values, the 
Company guides decisions, shapes daily interactions, and reinforces its 
commitment to growth. Internally, they connect employees to a shared 
purpose; externally, they uphold EcoGraf’s reputation for ethical practices, 
transparency, and long-term sustainability. By embedding these values 
into operations, communication, and culture, EcoGraf ensures they are 
not just words, but principles actively lived—building trust and supporting 
the Company’s mission to deliver enduring benefits for shareholders, 
partners, and communities alike.
“ This year we refreshed EcoGraf’s Core 
Values to better reflect who we are and 
where we’re heading. These values guide 
our decisions, strengthen our culture, and 
reinforce our commitment to sustainability, 
transparency and growth.”
-  Andrew Spinks, Managing Director
9

=== Page 11 ===
The outlook for natural flake graphite is expected to strengthen relative 
to synthetic alternatives, largely due to sustainability, cost and supply 
chain diversification considerations. Natural flake graphite benefits 
from a significantly lower environmental impact, particularly in terms of 
energy use and emissions during production. As the battery industry 
seeks to reduce its carbon footprint, these factors are becoming 
increasingly critical.
Analysis by UBS1 indicates a significant increase in natural graphite 
demand, driven primarily by the rising use of natural graphite in electric 
vehicle (EV) batteries. The report anticipates a 6x increase in natural 
graphite demand by 2030, with a shift in battery anode material towards 
a higher proportion of natural graphite (from about 30% currently to 50% 
by 2030). This growth is expected to be fuelled by a projected 5x increase 
in EV sales and larger battery sizes.
Natural Graphite in Lithium-ion BatteriesNatural graphite’s broad range of 
applications in the market 
Lithium-ion Anodes
Industrial Uses 
Emerging Technologies 
Demand for natural battery graphite 
is increasing, driven by the rapid 
expansion of lithium-ion batteries used 
in EVs and energy storage systems in 
North America, Europe and Asia.Natural graphite Synthetic graphite Silicon LTO Other30%50%65%
0%25%50%75%100%
2023203041%UBS forecast natural 
graphite market share in the 
anode could increase from 
30% in 2023 to 50% by 2030
Source: UBS Report 2023
1  https://www.ubs.com/fi/en/assetmanagement/insights/asset-class-perspectives/equities/
articles/critical-materials-for-the-energy-transition.html
11

=== Page 28 ===
ECOGRAF ANNUAL REPORT 202528
DIRECTORS'  REPORT
Directors’ Meetings
The number of meetings of the Company’s Board and of each Board committee held during the year ended 30 June 
2025, and the number of meetings attended by each director were:
Board of  
DirectorsAudit and Risk  
CommitteeNomination and  
Remuneration Committee
DirectorNumber 
eligible  
to attendNumber  
attendedNumber 
eligible  
to attendNumber  
attendedNumber 
eligible  
to attendNumber  
attended
Robert Pett 7 7 3 3 3 3
Andrew Spinks 7 7 - - - -
John Conidi 7 6 3 3 3 3
Keith Jones 7 7 3 3 3 3
Operating and Financial Review
The information reported in this operating and financial review should be read in conjunction with the review of operations 
on pages 6 to 25.
Principal Activities
EcoGraf is building a vertically integrated battery anode materials business to produce high purity graphite products for 
the lithium-ion battery and advanced manufacturing markets. Over US$30 million has been invested to date to create a 
highly attractive graphite business which includes:
•  Epanko Graphite Mine in Tanzania; 
• Mechanical Shaping Facility in Tanzania;  
• EcoGraf HFfree® Purification Facilities located in close proximity to the electric vehicle, battery and anode manufacturers; 
and 
• EcoGraf HFfree®  Purification technology to support battery anode recycling.    
In Tanzania, the Company is developing the TanzGraphite natural flake graphite business, commencing with the Epanko 
Graphite Project, to provide a long-term, scalable supply of feedstock for EcoGraf® battery anode material processing 
facilities, together with high quality large flake graphite products for specialised industrial applications. 
In addition, the Company is undertaking planning for its Mechanical Shaping Facility in Tanzania, which will process 
natural flake graphite into spherical graphite (SpG). This mechanical micronising and spheronising is the first step in the 
conversion of high-quality flake graphite concentrate into battery grade anode material used in the production of lithium-
ion batteries.
Using its environmentally superior EcoGraf HFfree® purification technology, the Company will upgrade the SpG to produce 
99.95%C high performance battery anode material to supply electric vehicle, battery and anode manufacturers in Asia, 
Europe and North America. 
Battery recycling is critical to improving supply chain sustainability and the Company’s successful application of the 
EcoGraf HFfree® purification process to recycle battery anode material provides it with a unique ability to support 
customers to reduce CO2 emissions and lower battery costs.
Operating Results and Financial Position
The loss after income tax incurred by the consolidated entity for the year ended 30 June 2025 was $5,119,000 (2024: 
loss $5,705,000). This loss is largely attributable to downstream processing activities, net of research and development 
tax credits and interest received.
The consolidated entity continued to undertake exploration and development activities at the Epanko Graphite Project, 
resulting in the value of the exploration and evaluation assets increasing to $37,167,000 (2024: $29,292,000).
At 30 June 2025, net assets of the consolidated entity were $47,173,000 (2024: $50,810,000) with cash reserves of 
$11,202,000 (2024: $25,459,000) and no debt.