=== Table 1 (page 13) ===
Sustainability (ESG),Looking Ahead
"Emeco’s 
commitment 
to 
Environmental, 
Social,","In  December  2024, 
I  was 
formally  appointed  as"
"and  Governance 
excellence  was 
further 
(ESG)","term  as 
Interim 
Chairman 
following  Peter  Frank’s"
"demonstrated 
in 
FY25.  We 
built 
have 
on 
the",Chair. I extend my gratitude to Peter for his stewardship
"last  year 
groundwork 
laid 
in  understanding  and",during a pivotal period in Emeco’s transformation.
managing our carbon footprint. Following the Board’s,
,"As we look ahead, I am confident that Emeco is well"
"approval  of  Emeco’s 
inaugural  ESG  strategy,  we",
,"positioned 
to  sustain 
its  positive  momentum 
into"
commenced tracking of the Company’s Scope 1 and,
,FY26 and beyond. The mining sector outlook remains
Scope  2  greenhouse  gas  emissions.  We  developed,
,"robust, and with our leaner cost base, reduced debt"
"a  baseline  of  our  direct  emissions  (mostly 
from",
,"levels,  and  high-quality  fleet,  Emeco  can 
leverage"
"light  vehicles  and  equipment) 
diesel  used 
in  our",
,emerging opportunities to grow earnings further.
"and  electricity  usage,  and  this  year  we  have  refined",
"improve 
our  data  collection  and  methodology 
to","We  will  maintain 
our  disciplined  approach  by"
accuracy. Work is also underway to assess our Scope,"exercising  prudence 
in  capital  allocation,  focusing"
"3 emissions, such as the emissions from the operation","on  customer  service  and  asset  productivity,  and"
of  the  heavy  equipment  we  rent  to  clients  and  also,innovating  through  technology  to  ensure  we  deliver
from our supply chain. Our goal is to use these insights,durable  returns  through  the  cycle.  The  Board  and
to chart a carbon reduction roadmap for Emeco.,I  have  great  confidence  that  under  the  continued
,"leadership  of  our  Managing  Director  and  CEO,"
We recognise that our mid-life asset model inherently,
,"Ian Testrow, Emeco will continue to execute its strategy"
"rebuilding  and 
supports  sustainability.  By 
reusing",
,and  pursue  sustainable  growth  for  the  benefit  of  all
"heavy  equipment,  we  extend  asset  life  and  reduce",
,shareholders.
"the need for new manufacturing, thereby contributing",
to a circular economy and lower lifecycle emissions.,I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ian and
"Additionally,  our  technology  solutions  like  EOS  help","the  entire  executive  management 
team 
for 
their"
customers optimise fuel efficiency and reduce on-site,"dedication  and 
leadership 
in  driving  operational"
emissions.  We  will  continue  to  invest  in  innovations,"cost 
improvements, 
efficiencies, 
and 
strategic"
that will make our fleet and operations more carbon-,initiatives  which  have  been  instrumental  to  Emeco’s
efficient and environmentally friendly.,performance.
"Emeco  made  meaningful  strides 
its 
in 
terms  of","extend  my 
to 
I  also 
sincere  appreciation 
our"
social and governance commitments. We sustained,"employees 
across 
Australia, 
your 
hard 
work,"
significant investment in our people through training,"expertise,  and  commitment  to  Emeco’s  values  are"
"and  development  programs 
focused  on  health,",the foundation of our success. We also acknowledge
"safety, wellbeing, and upskilling of our workforce. This","our customers, key suppliers, business partners, and"
not  only  improves  our  operational  performance  but,financiers for their support and partnership in FY25.
also reinforces a culture where employees feel valued,
,"To  my  fellow  Board  members,  thank  you  for  your"
and empowered to develop their careers with Emeco.,
,guidance and support throughout the year as we have
We  modestly  improved  our  workforce  diversity  and,
,"pursued  Emeco’s  strategic  goals.  Finally,  and  most"
remain committed to fostering an inclusive workplace.,
,"importantly, I want to thank you, our shareholders, for"
Women now represent 12% of Emeco’s workforce and,
,your continued trust and support.
"First  Nations  employees  4%,  as  we  continue  efforts",
to  increase  these  numbers  in  line  with  our  diversity,
goals.,
"Finally,  from  a  governance  perspective,  we  uphold",
"rigorous  standards  of  corporate  governance, 
risk",
"management, 
and 
ethical 
conduct 
across 
the",Ian Macliver
Group. Emeco’s Board and management are aligned,Chairman
"in  maintaining 
transparency  and  accountability,",
"which  underpins 
the 
trust  of  our 
shareholders,",
"customers,  employees,  and 
the  communities  we",
"serve.  In  everything  we  do,  Emeco  strives  to  create",
"innovative 
a 
sustainable  enterprise 
that  delivers",
"solutions  for  our  customers,  a  “family”  feel  and  safe",
"for  our  people,  support 
environment 
for  our 
local",
"communities, and attractive returns for our investors.",
We believe that by living our values and focusing on,
"long-term, sustainable outcomes, we will continue to",
generate value for all stakeholders.,

=== Table 2 (page 16) ===
Operations Review,"We  continue 
to  pursue  growth  opportunities 
for"
,"Force, 
including 
expanding  our 
service  offering."
Rental,
,"Notably,  we  have  plans  to  enhance  our  in-field  and"
Our  core  Rental  business  delivered  another  year  of,workshop capabilities for battery-electric mining fleet
high  activity  and  solid  growth.  Customer  demand,"maintenance,  positioning  Force  to  meet  emerging"
"remained 
strong 
across 
all 
operating 
regions,","demand  as  mining  customers  begin 
to 
trial  and"
,"adopt  battery-powered  equipment.  This 
forward-"
"particularly 
in  commodities  such  as  gold, 
iron  ore",
,looking  approach  will  ensure  Emeco  stays  at  the
"and  coal.  Rental  revenue 
increased  by  9%, 
largely",
,forefront  of  mining  equipment  maintenance  as  the
"driven  by  growth  in  our  maintained  services,  higher",
,industry evolves.
underground  fleet  utilisation  and  improved  contract,
management.,
,Technology
FY25  was  a  year  of  transition  for  our  Underground,
"business. 
  Following 
the  sale  of 
the  underground","We 
remain  committed 
to  our  vision  of  being  a"
"contracting operations to Macmahon in FY24, Emeco","technologically  empowered  business  that 
is  agile,"
retained its fleet of underground equipment and now,"data-driven,  and  innovative.  In  FY25,  we  continued"
"operates  this  fleet  under  the  Emeco  brand,  focusing","to  advance  a 
range  of 
technology  and  digital"
"on  equipment 
rental  and  asset  management 
in",transformation initiatives to sharpen our competitive
underground mining. This strategic simplification has,edge. A key focus has been on our Emeco Operating
streamlined our business and allowed us to integrate,System  (EOS)  an  operational  technology  platform
the  remaining  underground  workshops  and  support,that  uses  on-board  telemetry  and  analytics  to  help
teams into the broader Emeco and Force structures.,"customers  monitor 
fleet 
performance, 
improve"
,"safety,  and  reduce  emissions.  This  digital  capability"
"Surface 
fleet  utilisation  averaged  85%,  a 
slight",
,has  also  significantly  improved  our  ability  to  detect
moderation  from  the  prior  year.      Underground  fleet,
,"maintenance 
issues  before 
failures  occur,  protect"
"utilisation 
improved 
to  57%,  supported  by  steady",
,"our assets, and deliver a superior service outcome for"
equipment  deployment  across  hard-rock  mining,
,customers through increased equipment uptime.
projects. Utilisation continues to trend positively with,
"new  projects  secured 
in  underground,  now 
run-","Internally,  we 
reached  an 
important  milestone 
in"
rating  at  approximately  65%.  Our  team’s  continued,our Enterprise Resource Planning  (ERP) project. After
excellence  in  project  delivery  has  been  instrumental,"completing the design phase in FY24, we progressed"
in maintaining high utilisation levels.,into  the  build  phase  of  our  new  Microsoft  Dynamics
,365  ERP  system  during  FY25.  This  project  represents
Rental  Operating  EBITDA  and  EBIT  increased  by  6%,
,"an 
important 
investment 
in  modernising  our  core"
"and  11%  respectively  in  FY25,  driven  by  cost  control",
,"business systems to drive efficiency, speed, and data"
"and 
improved 
contract  management. 
Key 
cost",
,visibility. We have maintained our focus on delivering
"improvement 
initiatives 
included  a 
reduction 
in",
,"this  project  on 
schedule  and  expect 
to  begin"
"subcontracted 
labour  and  corporate  overheads,",
,deploying the new ERP in the coming year.
improved  procurement  practices  and  lower  repairs,
and maintenance spend. The Rental business enters,"In  addition  to  the  ERP,  we  continued  to 
invest 
in"
the  new  year  with  a  robust  pipeline  of  work  in  both,other IT and business intelligence tools to streamline
"open  cut  and  underground,  with  the  business  well",processes and support decision-making. Our priorities
"positioned  on  cost,  quality  and  fleet  capacity.  The",in technology for FY25 were centred on initiatives that
production  outlook  for  bulk  commodities  and  gold,"drive  direct  business  value,  and  we  will  carry  this"
continues  to  remain  robust.  Emeco’s  unique  service,"focus  into  FY26.  In  essence,  Emeco  is  becoming  a"
offering  provides  a  competitive  advantage  to  retain,more  digitally  enabled  enterprise  with  each  passing
strong utilisation levels.,"year, one where our people, processes, and assets are"
,connected  and  informed  by  data.  We  are  confident
Force,
,"that  our  continued 
investment 
in  technology  and"
,"innovation  will  enhance  our  operational  efficiency,"
Our  Force  equipment  maintenance  and  component,
,"reduce costs, and provide differentiating value to our"
"rebuild  business  delivered  a  solid  performance 
in",
,customers.  These  efforts  are  critical  in  maintaining
"FY25,  continuing  to  play  a  critical  role 
in  Emeco’s",
,"Emeco’s  position  as  an 
industry 
leader,  especially"
value  proposition.  External  revenue  from  Force  grew,
,"as  our  customers 
increasingly  seek  providers  who"
"modestly  year-on-year,  up  2%,  with  an 
increase",
,"can 
offer 
tech-driven 
insights 
and 
continuous"
"in  workshop  services,  such  as  fabrication  and 
line",
,improvement in project outcomes.
"boring, 
offsetting  a 
reduction 
in 
higher-margin",
"machine 
rebuilds 
for  external  customers. 
In  FY25,",
Force  successfully  completed  137  (FY24:  128)  major,"Sustainability, People and Diversity"
"machine 
rebuilds 
for  Emeco  and  external  clients,",
,"Emeco  maintained 
a 
strong 
commitment 
to"
"an 
impressive 
throughput 
that  underscores  our",
,"sustainable business practices, our people’s wellbeing,"
workshop capabilities.,
,"and 
fostering  a  diverse  and 
inclusive  workplace."
"Force 
remains  a  key  competitive  advantage 
for","Our 
approach 
to 
sustainability 
is  multifaceted,"
"Emeco. 
It  enables  us 
to  be  capital-efficient  by","encompassing 
environmental 
responsibility,"
rebuilding mid-life equipment rather than purchasing,"community engagement, and the development of our"
"new, and it delivers a cost and quality edge that helps",people.  This  year  we  built  upon  the  groundwork  laid
us  win  work  in  the  rental  market.    Our  strategically,previously by continuing to measure and understand
"located network of seven workshops across Australia,","our  carbon 
footprint  via  Scope 
1  and  Scope  2"
"along with mobile field service units, gives us a broad",greenhouse  gas  emissions  from  our  operations.  We
reach to support our customers.,"have  been 
refining  our  emissions  data  collection"

=== Table 3 (page 32) ===
3.7,Diversity
"At Emeco, we value and embrace diversity and inclusion as fundamental pillars of our organisational culture.",
"We believe that a diverse workforce – inclusive of various backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences – fosters",
"innovation, enhances decision-making, and drives business success. Our commitment to creating an inclusive",
"environment ensures that every team member feels respected, valued, and empowered to contribute to their",
fullest potential.,
"Each year, Emeco’s Board sets measurable objectives to achieve greater workplace diversity. These objectives",
aim to build a more diverse workforce and to promote diversity and inclusion across all levels of the organisation.,
"At the Board level, gender diversity remains a priority when considering changes to the Board’s composition,",
with Emeco striving to meet the gender diversity objectives set out in the ASX Corporate Governance Principles,
and Recommendations.,
"Overall, women represent 12% of our total workforce, and approximately 34.6% of employees in non-technical/",
"support roles, as at the end of FY25. Women made up about 9.3% of new hires across all roles during the year,",
and  22.9%  of  new  starters  in  non-trade/non-technical  roles.  Female  representation  at  senior  management,
"levels  is  approximately  22.7%,  we  are  committed  to  developing  and  promoting  female  talent  in  leadership",
"positions.  We  continue  to  focus  on  improving  these  metrics,  and  we  remain  focused  on  initiatives  to  recruit,",
"develop, and retain women at Emeco.",
"Where  an  employee  has  self-identified  as  having  family  heritage  from  Australia’s  First  Nations  peoples,  we",
"record  this  information.  Based  on  available  data,  around  4%  of  our  workforce  at  the  end  of  FY25  identify  as",
"Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander, and we are working to improve the completeness of this information through",
voluntary self-identification opportunities.,
Workplace  Gender  Equality  Agency  (WGEA)  Report:  In  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  the  Workplace,
"Gender  Equality  Act  2012  (Cth),  Emeco’s  annual  compliance  report  is  submitted  to  the  Workplace  Gender",
Equality Agency each year by the required date. Emeco’s FY25 WGEA report was submitted in line with all WGEA,
reporting requirements.,
4.,Climate Change
We  recognise  that  climate  change  is  one  of  the  most  significant  challenges  facing  the  world  today.  We,
acknowledge the Australian mining industry has a role to play in driving the transition to a lower carbon economy.,
"Emeco has operations in all key mining regions of Australia, with customers including mining companies and",
"contractors across gold, iron ore, metallurgical coal, nickel, thermal coal and copper. As a responsible business",
"in the mining sector, we place value on identifying, assessing and reporting on our actions to address climate",
change. Our Climate Change Statement is on our website (www.emecogroup.com/sustainability),
The legislation underpinning mandatory climate-related financial disclosures - the Treasury Laws Amendment,
(Financial Market Infrastructure and Other Measures) Bill 2024 (Cth) - passed Parliament on 9 September 2024.,
Emeco is a liable entity under this legislation. Mandatory reporting for Emeco will commence from 1 July 2025 for,
"the FY26 year, meaning that our first mandatory climate change disclosures will be included in our end-of-year",
reporting in next year’s Annual Report (FY26).,
We  are  currently  working  across  the  Board  and  Management  to  complete  a  work  program  aligned  to  the,
requirements  set  out  in  the  legislation  and  in  the  new  Australian  Accounting  Standards  Board’s  standard,
S2  Climate-related  Disclosures.  Our  current  gaps  are  largely  linked  to  our  Scope  3  greenhouse  gas  (GHG),
"emissions, which materially outweigh our operational emissions. As a result, we are working with our customers",
and supply chain partners to better understand and quantify our Scope 3 emissions. This information is critical,
to  setting  meaningful  targets  and  developing  a  transition  plan  for  our  full  supply  chain.  Working  with  our,
upstream suppliers and our downstream customers who rent our equipment is an opportunity to forge even,
stronger relationships.,
We are also updating our governance and risk management and frameworks to ensure that our business is,
"well attuned to climate change risks and opportunities. In FY25, Emeco established its inaugural ESG Committee",
to manage ESG risks and opportunities and to prepare the Company for its mandatory reporting obligations.,
"Membership  of  this  committee  includes  key  executives  including  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief  Financial",
,"Officer, Chief Technology Officer, General Counsel, General Manager of HSE and General Manager of HR.  The"
board is represented by the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer at this Committee. Emeco recognises,
climate change as a material risk – further details are outlined in the Business Risks section of this annual report.,
This work will continue during FY26.,

=== Table 4 (page 33) ===
4.1,Greenhouse Gas Emissions,
,"With respect to GHG emissions, Emeco has adopted definitions set out in the National Greenhouse and Energy",
,Reporting (NGER) Scheme and summarised below:,
•,Scope 1 emissions,are  emissions  released  into  the  atmosphere  as  a  direct  result  of  the  activities  at  an
,,organisation’s facilities.
•,Scope 2 emissions,for  a  facility  represent  emissions  that  are  released  outside  the  facility  boundary  to
,,produce electricity that is imported into the facility and used.
•,Scope 3 emissions,are indirect emissions other than Scope 2 emissions. These occur outside the boundary
,,of an organisation as a result of the organisation’s actions.
"FY23 is our base year. Our operational GHG emissions – Scope 1 + Scope 2 emissions – are very low. As a result,",,
Emeco  is  below  the  threshold  for  mandatory  reporting  under  the  NGER  Scheme.  Significantly  higher  levels,,
"of  emissions  have  been  identified  across  our  value  chain,  and  we  are  developing  methodologies  with  our",,
customers and suppliers to refine our estimates of Scope 3 emissions.,,
We have used emissions factors for the relevant years from the National Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors,,
"published  by  the  Commonwealth  Department  of  Climate  Change,  Energy  and  Water.  The  most  recent",,
NGA  Factors  2024  can  be,,found  at  https://www.dcceew.gov.au/climate-change/publications/national-

=== Table 5 (page 34) ===
2 Quantity reported for NSW includes approximately 80% which is passed through to a sublease of our Rutherford site.,,,,
4.1.2:  Scope 3 Emissions,,,,
Emeco is the largest provider of rental equipment to the mining sector in Australia. We are also Australia’s largest,,,,
"maintenance and component rebuild services provider, with workshops located in all key mining regions. Our",,,,
business supports the circular economy by extending the working life of key assets in the mining sector. As a,,,,
"result,  less  virgin  materials  are  required  to  produce  new  equipment.  This  approach  reduces  GHG  emissions",,,,
"across  the  value  chain  for  the  mining  sector  in  Australia.    In  addition,  we  refurbish  our  own  powertrain  and",,,,
"engines in-house, further promoting the circular economy by enabling local rebuilds and reducing the need to",,,,
transport used components to distant facilities.,,,,
We  are  progressing  work  to  map  our  Scope  3  emissions.  We  expect  that  the  largest  source  of  our  Scope  3,,,,
emissions is the combustion of diesel fuel in the heavy mining equipment which we supply for hire. Our customers,,,,
"(or their customers) operate and supply fuel for this rental equipment, which results in the associated emissions",,,,
being outside the boundary of our organisation.,,,,
"We have made preliminary estimates using service meter units (SMUs), operating hours logged by our surface",,,,
"mining fleet (i.e. excluding underground equipment), and medium load fuel consumption statistics provided in",,,,
"a recent edition of the Caterpillar Performance Handbook. This estimate is in the vicinity of 500,000+ tCO2e per",,,,
"year of Scope 3 emissions from mapping nearly 90% of SMUs for our surface mining fleet during FY25, FY24 and",,,,
FY23.,,,,
Emeco  Operating  System  (EOS),is  Emeco’s,fleet-optimisation,technology  platform  which,tracks  shift
"performance  in  real-time.  As  we  further  develop  our  EOS  technology,  we  expect  to  enhance  our  ability  to",,,,
measure  actual  fuel  use  by  our  machines  being  deployed  at  our  customers’  projects.  This  knowledge  will,,,,
augment  the  OEM  published  generic  information  to  enable  us  to  refine  our  emissions  calculations.  EOS  is,,,,
being  developed  to  provide  actionable  insights  to  help  identify  machines  with  higher-than-expected  fuel,,,,
"burn  or  emissions,  enabling  targeted  maintenance  interventions  that  will  improve  overall  fleet  efficiency.",,,,
"As  of  June  2025,  we  have  EOS  installed  on  approximately  260  machines,  and  plan  to  install  EOS  across",,,,
another 50 machines in FY26.,,,,

=== Table 6 (page 35) ===
"Emeco,  through  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary  Force,  has  partnered  with  equipment  manufacturer  XCMG,  to",
support  the  introduction  of  a  battery-powered  fleet  into  one  of  Emeco’s  customer’s  mining  operations  in,
"Western Australia.  Services to be provided to XCMG include equipment commissioning, training, onsite labour",
"and  field  maintenance,  warranty  servicing  and  repairs,  offsite  rebuild  and  engineering  services,  as  well  as",
project  management  and  advisory  services.  Force’s  existing  national  workshops  and  labour  footprint  will  be,
"utilised in partnership with XCMG’s technicians, parts and equipment inventory.",
"Key  elements  of  Emeco’s  strategy  have  been  enhancing  our  technology-driven  capabilities,  as  well  as",
supporting  the  energy  transition  in  the  mining  industry.  Our  partnership  with  XCMG  is  our  first  step  into  next,
generation  battery-electric  technology  and  provides  a  pathway  to  become  a  leading  Australian  provider  of,
maintenance services for battery-electric mining fleet.,
We expect another material source of our Scope 3 emissions to be from the production of iron and steel which,
is used in machinery parts that we purchase for our own fleet and for our customers’ machines. We will work,
with  manufacturers  and  industry  partners  to  explore  a  robust  methodology  for  estimating  these  upstream,
emissions.,
4.2: Scenario analysis,
"During FY25, senior Emeco management engaged in scenario analysis to test the resilience of our strategies",
under  both  a  1.5°C  scenario  for  transition  risks  and  opportunities  and  a  3-4°C  scenario  for  physical  climate,
change risks.,
4.2.1:  Transition risks and opportunities: 1.5°C scenario,
"In 2021, the International Energy Agency (IEA) published its World Energy Outlook (WEO-2021) which included",
"a new scenario for net zero emissions (NZE) by 2050. In this NZE scenario, CO2 emissions are net zero in 2050",
"globally, and the rise in temperature reaches a maximum level of just over 1.5 °C around 2050 and by 2100 the",
rise in temperature falls to around 1.4ºC.,
It is this rapid reduction in GHG emissions over the period 2020-2050 that makes this scenario a stress test for,
assessing transition risks and opportunities.,
Key global signposts for Emeco taken from IEA’s NZE scenario include:,
•,Global energy-related and industrial process CO2 emissions fall from a peak of ~37 gigatonnes (Gt) in 2022