=== Page 6 ===
1  Reported emissions are based on the period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
2 Subject to commercially viable technology being available to address feedlot cattle emissions.SUSTAINABILITY 
PERFORMANCE
TARGET 2024
2025
100% renewable electricity  
in all Australian sites by 2025Target achieved through on-site solar 
generation and procurement and retirement 
of Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs)
Increase of 13 sites with solar installations; 
76 sites now equipped with solar panels
2030
50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
intensity (tCO2e/$m revenue) by  2030, 
against a baseline year of 20212
2050
Net zero Scope 1 and 2  emissions by 205023% reduction in Scope 1 and 2  emissions 
intensity against baseline year of 2021
18.3 tCO2e/$m revenue in 2024
Up from 1 7. 9 3  tCO2e in 2023
57,210  tCO2e this year
(Scope 1 and 2)
Down from 59,551 tCO2e in 2023CLIMATE TARGETS TO REDUCE GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS12024  Sustainability Report 4

=== Page 10 ===
2024  Sustainability Report 8
We use three broad themes to discuss Elders' progress on our priorities in this report: environment, people and communities, and governance 
and ethical operations.
Environment People and communities Governance and 
ethical operations
Building resilience across the sector by 
reducing emissions, caring for nature 
and improving farm productivity. Topics 
include: sustainable farming, climate 
change, nature, waste management and 
overall environmental management.Promoting safety, attracting and retaining the 
best people and supporting communities. 
Topics include: health and safety, employee 
attraction and retention, community impact 
and investment and our engagement with 
Indigenous people and communities.Maintaining conduct that is honest, fair, 
legal and ethical through robust risk 
management and governance processes. 
Topics include: corporate governance, 
cybersecurity, modern slavery, human 
rights and animal welfare.
Our Materiality Assessment
The below table outlines the comprehensive materiality assessment process that was undertaken in FY23  to identify the topics of material 
importance to Elders and our stakeholders.
1Extensive 
research2Stakeholder 
engagement3Impact assessment 
and prioritisation4Validation 
and reporting
•Media analysis
•Peer analysis 
and benchmarking
•Employee workshops 
and surveysInterviews with a range of stakeholders, 
followed by completion of surveys. 
Stakeholders included:
•Representatives from the 
investment community
•Elders' customers
•Financiers
•Government and NGO representatives
•Research and development institutions
•Industry bodies
•Suppliers•Consolidating data from steps one and two for 
qualitative and quantitative analysis
•Scoring identified  topics in order of importance 
to stakeholders and impacts on our business, 
our external stakeholders, the economy and 
the environment•Validating prioritised topics 
with our Sustainability 
team, Executive Committee 
and Board
•Consolidation of topics 
where appropriate
Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholder engagement is vital to understanding the impact of our operations and is used to inform and support our Board and broader 
business in identifying, managing and reporting on material sustainability topics and their associated risks and opportunities.
Elders’ approach to engaging with stakeholders is set out below. Not all methods are utilised annually.
We aim to engage with all members of our investment community, customer, communities and employee stakeholder groups to varying extents 
through one or more of the methods outlined below. In selecting which regulators, NGOs, financiers,  contractors and suppliers to engage with, 
we consider their relationship with Elders, and their knowledge and experience of the markets important to our business.
Stakeholder Engagement approach
Investment community 
(including proxy advisors)Elders’ website, AGM, public reporting and announcements, briefings,  conferences, regular meetings and 
discussions, surveys
Regulators Reporting, meetings, site visits, through industry associations and responses to enquiries
Customers Elders' website, surveys, meetings, industry events, information sessions and media communications
Communities Elders' website, participation in community programs and events, industry events, media communications 
and surveys
Employees Surveys, performance reviews, presentations, training, meetings, social events, email and intranet
NGOs Meetings and through industry associations
Financiers Regular meetings and discussions, surveys
Industry bodies Industry conferences, meetings and presentations
Contractors and suppliers Elders' website, meetings, supplier conferences and surveys

=== Page 19 ===
Environment 17
Climate Change
Australia's changing climate 
presents systemic challenges 
to our clients and the 
agriculture sector as a whole.
Increasing temperatures, prolonged 
droughts, and more intense weather events 
are profoundly affecting  farmers, their 
supporting businesses, the communities we 
are part of, and the broader Australian 
economy. The challenge of reducing 
emissions while improving farm productivity 
and building on-farm climate resilience 
presents both difficulties  and opportunities.
As a key partner in Australian agriculture, we 
are committed to strengthening the sector’s 
resilience and supporting the adoption 
of innovative technologies for emissions 
reduction and climate adaptation. We also 
acknowledge our responsibility to address 
climate change by actively managing and 
minimising the greenhouse gas emissions 
from our own operations.
Climate 
Change Governance
Elders considers climate change to be 
a material business risk with potential 
impacts on our economic, environmental, 
and social sustainability. Both the 
operational and strategic risks posed by 
climate change are captured under our 
current governance, risk management and 
resilience frameworks.3 Our Climate Change 
Policy4, which was updated during FY24  to 
ensure its currency and relevance, sets out:
•our commitment to supporting the 
global effort  to reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions in alignment with the 
recommendations of the Paris Agreement 
established by the UNFCCC (United 
Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change)
•the role of our Board and Executive in 
managing climate change strategy, risks 
and opportunities.Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards
As with our FY23  Sustainability Report, 
this report seeks to align with the 
recommendations of the Taskforce on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
In FY24,  we transitioned our focus 
towards the requirements of the newly 
released Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (ASRS), which will apply to 
Elders from FY26.  Given our alignment 
with the TCFD recommendations, we 
believe that we are well placed to 
align with the incoming mandatory 
climate-related disclosure requirements. 
We have also completed a thorough 
readiness assessment, pinpointing the 
necessary steps to ensure compliance with 
the standards, and created an internal 
implementation plan to direct efforts.
Our Board and Executive Management have 
both been briefed on requirements under 
the ASRS. In FY24,  our Integrated Reporting 
Working Group, originally established in 
FY23  and comprising of members of our 
Executive and representatives from our 
sustainability, finance,  governance and risk 
teams, continued to work in collaboration 
to enable Elders to become compliant with 
the ASRS.
Strategy and 
Risk Management
Climate change presents both risks and 
opportunities to Elders. We recognise 
that climate change will have different  
impacts across Australia, and economic 
decarbonisation will also affect  our sector in 
different  ways. We are managing the impact 
of climate change through:
•maintaining and evolving our diverse 
product and service offerings  across our 
national footprint, which supports risk 
mitigation and the ability to meet our 
clients' needs as they adapt and respond 
to climate-related impacts
•the implementation of emissions 
reduction targets that guide 
business activities•the utilisation of scenario analysis to 
understand our exposure to climate-
related risks and opportunities
•due diligence processes that facilitate 
the evaluation of potential business 
acquisitions against our key sustainability 
principles, relevant climate trends and 
impacts (i.e. industry and geography) and 
our emissions profile.
Important Information
It is important to note that where 
Elders' climate-related disclosures 
contain forward-looking statements 
and metrics, they should not be viewed 
as guarantees for future outcomes in 
climate change, financial  or operational 
performance or share pricing. Our 
statements and metrics are influenced 
by various risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, many of which are 
outside of Elders' control.
Readers should be cautious and avoid 
placing excessive reliance on these 
statements due to the uncertainty in 
climate metrics and modelling, and the 
potential for divergent outcomes based 
on underlying risks and assumptions.
While Elders has developed this report 
based on its current knowledge and 
in good faith, it reserves its right to 
modify its views in the future.
3Full details on the role of our Board and Executive in managing risk, including climate-related risks, can be found on page 9 and within our Annual Report, Corporate Governance Statement and Audit, Risk 
and Compliance Committee Charter.
4Available on our website, at Elders' Governance .

=== Page 20 ===
Published our /f_irst Sustainability Report 
including our emissions pro/f_ile and our 
climate-risk management processes, 
roles and responsibilitiesInitiated internal and 
independent review of 
climate-related risks 
and opportunities Set action plan for 
full alignment with the 
TCFD Recommendations
Disclosed our climate-related 
risk assessment methodology 
and our climate-related risks 
and mitigation actionsIdenti/f_ied 
climate-related
opportunitiesSet climate 
change targets 
Qualitatively assessed 
future climate-related 
risks and impacts using 
appropriate climate 
scenariosReported on performance
against our targetsAchieved 100% 
renewable electricity 
in all Australian sites*Developed our 
Scope 3 emissions 
pro/f_ile
Undertook quantitative 
analysis of climate-related 
physical risks and impactsMaintained 100% 
renewable electricity 
in all Australian sites*Increased the number 
of sites with onsite solar
generation capability
Conducted qualitative 
scenario analysis, focusing 
on transition risks and 
opportunitiesIdenti/f_ied 
Scope 3 
emissions 
boundariesDevelop and implement 
a strategy to reduce fleet 
fuel related emissions
Publish Sustainability Report 
pursuant to mandatory 
climate-related disclosure 
requirementsElders
Climate Action
RoadmapFY/two.lf/zero.lf
FY/two.lf/one.lf
FY/two.lf/two.lf
FY/two.lf/three.lf
FY/two.lf/four.lf
FY/two.lf/five.lf
FY/two.lf/six.lf Continue to maintain 100% 
renewable electricity in all 
Australian sites*Achieved through procurement and retirement of Large-scale Generation Certi/f_icates and onsite solar generation.
FY/two.lf/eight.lf ONWARDSQuantify our Scope 3 emissions and report 
them pursuant to mandatory climate-related 
disclosure requirementsFY/two.lf/seven.lf
Continue to seek to reduce our 
emissions in line with our 2030 
climate targetContinue to support research, development and 
extension to agriculture sector in the areas of 
emissions reduction and climate change resilienceWE’RE HERE
AIMING FOR NET ZERO SCOPE /one.lf AND SCOPE /two.lf EMISSIONS/two.lf/zero.lf/five.lf/zero.lf2024  Sustainability Report 18

=== Page 22 ===
2024  Sustainability Report 20
Scenario Analysis
In FY22,  we conducted a qualitative analysis of physical risks focusing on the meat, grain, and dairy sectors. Collaborating with independent 
climate subject matter experts, we examined productivity projections up to 2030  and 2050  based on Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC) emissions scenarios: RCP 2.6 (low warming), RCP 4.5 (moderate warming), and RCP 8.5 (high warming). These scenarios indicated 
increased frequency and severity of droughts, floods, and changes in heat, humidity, and rainfall. They also indicated that without adaptation, 
these changes could negatively impact productivity, and with adaptation, productivity may be sustained and even increased in certain regions.7
In FY23,  we aimed to better understand the financial  implications of climate change for Elders by forming a multi-disciplinary team to to 
conduct a quantitative analysis of Elders' forecast financial  performance under different  climate change scenarios. We performed a single linear 
regression analysis to assess the relationship between historical sales, productivity, and environmental factors over 10 years. The analysis 
revealed some correlations with low statistical confidence,  limiting our ability to draw meaningful conclusions using the variables considered.8
During FY24,  we continued to develop our understanding of our exposure and resilience to the physical risks of climate change. A key action 
we took in this respect was the development of the Elders Climate Modelling Dashboard. This platform allows us to model emissions scenarios 
against the locations of all Elders' sites across the country, to better understand their exposure to the physical risks of climate change.
This system has been leveraged to scrutinise financial  risk transfer offerings  in the global insurance market and, moving forward, can be 
used to:
•identify and prioritise crisis management and planning for our sites
•inform site selection for new businesses and acquisitions
•better understand the potential exposure of our supply chain to physical risks, and how these risks can be best managed.
As the platform and the market of climate modelling systems mature, Elders will continue to identify the appropriate uses to inform business 
activities and long-term planning.
7For more information, please see our FY22  Sustainability Report, available on our website at Elders' Periodic  Reports .
8For more information, please see our FY23  Sustainability Report, available on our website at Elders' Periodic  Reports .