=== Page 41 ===
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT  
38  Particulars of the interests held by Directors are outlined on page 13 of the Director’s Report.  
Risk identification and management  
ERA has in place a range of policies and procedures to manage the risks associated with its operating activities. 
These policies and procedures have been adopted by the Board, with primary oversight by the Audit and Risk 
Committee, to ensure that potential business r isks are identified, and appropriate action taken.  
The Company has an annual internal audit program that is determined by the Audit and Risk Committee. The annual 
internal audit program is executed by an outsourced provider which reports back to the Audit and Risk Committee 
on its assessment of the Company ’s control environment. In addition, the Company Secretary provides support for 
internal audit planning activities and the monitoring of actions implemented by the Company in response to findings 
raised by the internal auditor.  
ERA benefits from the Rio Tinto Group’s knowledge, policies and practices on risk management and corporate 
assurance, developed to manage Rio Tinto’s diverse business activities covering a variety of commodities and 
operational locations. Together, these m ake up a comprehensive framework and approach to risk analysis and risk 
management.  
The Board has in place a number of systems to identify  and manage  business  risks.  These  include:  
• The identification  and review  of all of the business risks known to be facing the Company  
• The provision of reports and information by management to the Board, on a periodic basis, confirming the 
status and effectiveness  of the plans,  controls,  policies and procedures implemented to manage business risks 
• Guidelines for ensuring that capital expenditure  and revenue  commitments exceeding certain approved limits 
are placed before the Board for approval  
• Limits and controls for all financial exposures,  including  the use of derivatives  
• A regulatory  compliance  program  
• Safety, health and environmental policies which are supported by a set of standards and  management  systems  
which  recognise the Company’s commitment to achieving high standards of performance in all its activities in 
these areas.  
The Audit and Risk Committee reviews ERA’s risk management  framework  at least  annually,  and did so in 2024, to 
satisfy itself that it continues to be sound.  
The Audit and Risk Committee and the Board has assessed the strategic risks to the Company’s business and the 
mitigation strategies to be implemented by management. The strategic risks  identified through this assessment were 
future operating cash flow and financial resources, stakeholder support of the Company’s strategic initiatives, 
rehabilitation of the Ranger Project Area, internal constraints relating to the Company’s licence to ope rate, external 
events relating to the Company’s licence to operate and retention and recruitment of key personnel.  
These strategic risks are in addition to risks inherent to the mining industry generally which include economic 
conditions (fluctuations in commodity pricing and exchange rates), international regulation of greenhouse gas 
emissions and impact of climatic c onditions. More information on ERA’s business risks, including any material 
exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks, is set out on pages 10 to 12 of the Annual 
Report.  
Each reporting period, the Chief Executive and the Chief Financial Officer give statements to the Board that, in their 
opinion, the financial records of the Company have been properly maintained and that the financial statements 
comply with the Australian Accounting Standards and give a true and fair view of the Company’s financial position 
and performance.  
The statements also provide that the opinion has been formed on the basis of a sound system of risk management 
and internal control which is operating effectively in all material respects.  
Risk identification and management – environmental and social risk  
Business risks which encapsulate material execution, environmental and social risks are reported in the Business 
Risks section of the Annual Report.  In addition, ERA has developed a sustainability reporting framework that reports 
against key areas of interest in environmental, social and governance domains.  
Public statements and disclosure matters  
ERA makes full and immediate disclosures to its shareholders and the market as required by, and in accordance 
with, its legal and regulatory obligations. Established systems are in place to ensure compliance and matters that 
may have a material impact on t he price or value of ERA’s securities are reported to the market in accordance with 
the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act 2001 . ERA’s Continuous Disclosure Policy is available at the 
Corporat e Governance section of ERA’s website at www.energyres.com.au.