=== Page 5 ===
3. Total recordable injury frequency (TRIF): The frequency of total recordable injuries per million hours worked. Financial year results are based on 12-month moving 
average as at 30 June each year.
4. Net Zero Commitment of 30% emissions reduction by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050, compared to FY20 baseline. Emissions targets are related to Scope 1 
and Scope 2 only. Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY25 have been estimated using the market-based method. Update from preliminary value of ~16% reduction 
reported in FY25 Directors’ Report following inclusion of corporate and exploration data and full data assessment delivered in September 2025.
5. Economic contributions include supplier payments, wages, dividend payments, interest, taxes, royalties, community investment, payments to providers of capital and 
payments to financial institutions (interest). Local and regional organisations are defined by postcode in relation to geographical proximity to Evolution mine sites.
6. As at 31 December 2024 and compared to the 31 December 2023 estimates. See the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves section of this Report for further 
information.Mineral Resources December 20246
Ore Reserves December 2024contained gold
30Moz
contained gold
11Mozcontained copper
4.4 Mt
contained copper
1.4MtLOWEST TRIF3
4.98
35% improvement on FY24
Reduction in emissions
17%
against FY20 baseline4
Female representation
21%
10% improvement on FY24
Economic contributions
$3.7 B
to Australian and 
Canadian economies5Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Sustainability
Evolution Mining Annual Report 2025
5
Annual Report
 Financial Report Sustainability Report

=== Page 7 ===
Dear Shareholders
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report on what 
was an outstanding year for Evolution. It is rewarding to reflect on our achievements, with the highlight being the value we created for all our shareholders - delivered in a safe, responsible and sustainable manner.  
We pride ourselves on our sustainability commitments and 
prioritise the safety, health and wellbeing of our people and the communities where we operate. I commend everyone across the business who contributed to bringing our TRIF down to its lowest yet, which is a great reflection of improved management of our safety risks. As we maintain our sector-leading ratings, we continue to make positive inroads in our sustainability performance as we deliver on our net zero commitments, with a current emissions reduction of 17%
7 against our goal of 30% by 2030. 
In a high gold price environment, there is a temptation to 
do deals. We did not. Instead, we focused on capturing the benefit of the record gold price and made a lot of money, much of which we have returned to our shareholders.  
On the back of record cash flow, we were proud to again 
declare two more dividends, being our 24th and 25th consecutive dividends. Notably, the Board declared a fully franked final dividend of 13 cents per share for the full year (30 June 2024: 5 cents per share), with an estimated aggregate payment of $260 million to shareholders. This takes total returns to shareholders since 2013 to more than $1.7 billion, inclusive of $400 million in the last year alone. These results are the product of a disciplined strategy, a high-quality portfolio and a motivated team.
It was noteworthy to be included in the ASX50 and 
the MSCI Index this year — a reflection of our maturity, consistency, and institutional appeal. These milestones reinforce our position as a high-performing company with exposure to both gold and copper.
Much has been written and debated about geopolitics 
in the last year, with the global operating environment continuing to be shaped by rising geopolitical tensions.Our strategy of operating exclusively in Tier 1 jurisdictions has proven to be a key differentiator, and we believe investors will continue to assign a premium to this position.
The mining industry continues to play a pivotal role in 
Australia’s economy, employing approximately 12% of the national workforce, contributing 57% of total tax revenue and generating nearly half of the country’s income. Evolution is proud to be a significant contributor, delivering $3.7 billion in economic value to Australia and Canada this year – representing an ~16% increase on the previous year.
As we look across our portfolio of quality assets, this year 
marks the final chapter for Mt Rawdon as an operating gold mine. We are well advanced in our vision to repurpose the site into a pumped hydro power station – a transformational project supported by the Queensland Government through its investment via CleanCo. We welcome the Crisafulli Government’s interest and involvement in this landmark project, which will facilitate low-cost renewable power and employment opportunities for decades to come.
With the Company positioned for continued success, now is 
the right time for me to transition to a non-executive role as Chair. I am proud of what we have been able to achieve and am also excited about the future. I am confident in Lawrie’s leadership, supported by his team — a diverse and talented group of leaders. I echo Lawrie’s thanks and recognition of our talented people across the business who have worked tirelessly this year to deliver to promise. Living our values of safety, excellence, accountability and respect, they have made an inspired contribution towards our vision to be a premier global gold company. 
On behalf of the Board, thank you for being a shareholder 
in Evolution and for your continued support of our vision and strategy. 
These results are the 
product of a disciplined 
strategy, a high-quality portfolio and a motivated team.
Yours faithfully
Jake Klein 
Chair
7.  T otal Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY20 baseline estimated using location-based method, and FY25 estimated using market-based method. Update from preliminary 
value of ~16% reduction reported in FY25 Directors’ Report following inclusion of corporate and exploration data and full data assessment delivered in September 2025.Chair’s letter
Evolution Mining Annual Report 2025
7
Annual Report
 Financial Report Sustainability Report

=== Page 11 ===
8.  Net Z ero Commitment of 30% emissions reduction by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050, compared to FY20 baseline. Emissions targets are related to Scope 1 
and Scope 2 only. Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY25 have been estimated using the market-based method. Update from preliminary value of ~16% reduction 
reported in FY25 Directors’ Report following inclusion of corporate and exploration data and full data assessment delivered in September 2025.Outcomes
Economic
• Robust financial performance enables long-term 
financial stability, ability to invest in organic growth and deliver shareholder returns
• Contributing to regional prosperity through local procurement and employment
Social
• Fostering a safe, respectful, inclusive and diverse workplace and encouraging our people to act like owners enhances engagement and drives stronger company performance
• Making Evolution a career highlight for our people
• Partnering with communities to provide benefits that endure beyond the life of our mines
Environmental
• Progressing toward net zero8 by 2050
• Lower emissions intensity per tonne of ore processed
Outputs
People 
• 89% retention
• 21% female representation amongst employees
• 4.98 TRIF - 35% improvement compared to FY24 performance
Growth
• Cowal Open Pit Continuation project secured regulatory and Board approval 
• Mungari mill expansion completed ahead of schedule and under budget
Production 
• 751koz gold produced, 5% year-on-year increase 
• 76kt copper produced, 12% year-on-year increase 
Government 
• $262 million in taxes and royalties paid to the Australian and Canadian governments
Shareholders 
• $260 million in declared dividends 
Communities
• $505 million contribution to local and regional businesses including $455 million in direct spend with local organisations
• $5.3 million in direct community investment 
Environment
• ~17% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions compared to FY20 baseline
8
• Improved freshwater use intensity by ~28% compared to the FY20 baseline
• Managed 1,025 hectares (ha) of rehabilitated land
Evolution Mining Annual Report 2025
11
Annual Report
 Financial Report Sustainability Report

=== Page 31 ===
Evolution Mining Annual Report 202531
Annual Report
 Financial Report Sustainability Report
Key highlights for the year (continued)
Portfolio (continued) 	
• Mining activity at Mt Rawdon ceased during the first half of the financial year and transitioned to stockpile processing for the remainder of the year.
The operation is expected to cease production during FY26.
• The Feasibility Study for the 1–2GW Mt Rawdon Pumped Hydro (MRPH) project is progressing well and remains on track. In April 2025 it was
announced1 that Government-owned CleanCo Queensland Limited (CleanCo) would invest in MRPH to help progress the project towards a final
investment decision. The MRPH project involves the potential future development of Mt Rawdon for a pumped hydro project following the
cessation of mining. The project is owned by Mt Rawdon Pumped Hydro Pty Ltd, a joint venture company owned 50% by Evolution and 50% byan affiliate of ICA Partners. The commencement of the final tailings storage facility lift in the FY26 September quarter will set Mt Rawdon up tocomplete stockpile processing in FY26.
Sustainability overview
• Enhanced health and safety performance as demonstrated by TRIF improving to 4.98 as at 30 June 2025. This was supported with other leading
metrics including all material and critical actions due being closed out.
• The transition to “Net Zero” greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 (Scope 1 and 2) and a 30% reduction in emissions by 2030 against the FY20
baseline has progressed. Since the commitment, there has been a reduction in emissions for operational sites. The reduction in emissions at theend of FY25 is estimated to be ~16%
2 against the FY20 baseline. This was largely enabled through Scope 2 reductions achieved via Cowal's
Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) sourced from a solar farm in NSW3. A similar PPA was introduced at Northparkes in FY25, increasing access
to renewable power in the region and Scope 2 emissions reduction. Ongoing consumption efficiencies have also contributed through FY25.
• Climate-related risks and opportunities assessments have been conducted across the portfolio including a qualitative scenario analysis for Ernest
Henry and Northparkes, and a portfolio-level exposure assessment. The qualitative scenario analysis includes site level impact assessmentsaddressing site-specific exposures across the regional climatic zones. There are varying vulnerabilities to both acute and chronic physical risks,extreme weather events, disasters, water and resource shortages, changes in the patterns and intensity of rainfall and storms and changingtemperatures. This is coupled with transitional risk drivers such as uncertain or overlapping policy, economic and market conditions, which areconsidered at site-specific, regional and national levels. These assessments will also contribute to further detailed qualitative assessmentsscheduled for FY26. Outcomes continue to enable embedding climate risk management into day-to-day operational business processes, where allMaterial risks and actions to address climate change impacts are documented, assessed, controlled and reported.
• Evolution continues to be recognised for its Sustainability performance, achieving sector leading ratings in Sustainalytics, ISS ESG and MSCI ESG
Ratings assessments and recognition in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Australia and Asia Pacific Indices. The Group was also included in the S&PGlobal Sustainability Yearbook 2025 as a Yearbook Member and recognised as an Industry Mover given the achievement of significantimprovements. Proactive external stakeholder engagement is prioritised, particularly with First Nation Partners which will be supported by ourcommitment to implement a Reconciliation Plan. This plan will strengthen our systems and processes to enable improvement in outcomes in localprocurement for our local communities and First Nation Partners.Evolution Mining Limited Directors' Report30 June 2025
21 See ASX announcement titled 'Update on Mt Rawdon Pumped Hydro Project' dated 8 April 2025, available to view on our website www.evolutionmining.com.au 
2	Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY25 have been estimated using the market-based method. Estimate subject to full data assessment delivered in September 2025.
3	Additional Voluntary LGCs were allocated to FY25 and surrendered to rebalance a miscalculation identified in FY25 in previously reported market-based emissions estimates 
for FY23 and FY24. Emissions estimates are tracking in alignment with the stated emissions reductions and targets.