=== Table 1 (page 31) ===
Key highlights for the year (continued),
Portfolio (continued),
•,Mining activity at Mt Rawdon ceased during the first half of the financial year and transitioned to stockpile processing for the remainder of the year.
,The operation is expected to cease production during FY26.
•,The  Feasibility  Study  for  the  1–2GW  Mt  Rawdon  Pumped  Hydro  (MRPH)  project  is  progressing  well  and remains  on  track.  In April  2025  it  was
,announced1 that Government-owned CleanCo Queensland Limited (CleanCo) would invest in MRPH to help progress the project towards a final
,investment  decision.  The  MRPH  project  involves  the  potential  future  development  of  Mt  Rawdon  for  a  pumped  hydro  project  following  the
,"cessation of mining. The project is owned by Mt Rawdon Pumped Hydro Pty Ltd, a joint venture company owned 50% by Evolution and 50% by"
,an affiliate of ICA Partners. The commencement of the final tailings storage facility lift in the FY26 September quarter will set Mt Rawdon up to
,complete stockpile processing in FY26.
Sustainability overview,
•,Enhanced health and safety performance as demonstrated by TRIF improving to 4.98 as at 30 June 2025. This was supported with other leading
,metrics including all material and critical actions due being closed out.
•,The  transition  to  “Net  Zero”  greenhouse  gas  emissions  by  2050  (Scope  1  and  2)  and  a  30%  reduction  in  emissions  by  2030  against  the  FY20
,"baseline has progressed. Since the commitment, there has been a reduction in emissions for operational sites. The reduction in emissions at the"
,end  of  FY25  is  estimated  to  be  ~16%2  against  the  FY20  baseline.  This  was  largely  enabled  through  Scope  2  reductions  achieved  via  Cowal's
,"Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) sourced from a solar farm in NSW3. A similar PPA was introduced at Northparkes in FY25, increasing access"
,to renewable power in the region and Scope 2 emissions reduction. Ongoing consumption efficiencies have also contributed through FY25.
•,Climate-related risks and opportunities assessments have been conducted across the portfolio including a qualitative scenario analysis for Ernest
,"Henry  and  Northparkes,  and  a  portfolio-level  exposure  assessment.  The  qualitative  scenario  analysis  includes  site  level  impact  assessments"
,"addressing site-specific exposures across the regional climatic zones. There are varying vulnerabilities to both acute and chronic physical risks,"
,"extreme  weather  events,  disasters,  water  and  resource  shortages,  changes  in  the  patterns  and  intensity  of  rainfall  and  storms  and  changing"
,"temperatures.  This  is  coupled  with  transitional  risk  drivers  such  as  uncertain  or  overlapping  policy,  economic  and  market  conditions,  which  are"
,"considered  at  site-specific,  regional  and  national  levels.  These  assessments  will  also  contribute  to  further  detailed  qualitative  assessments"
,"scheduled for FY26. Outcomes continue to enable embedding climate risk management into day-to-day operational business processes, where all"
,"Material risks and actions to address climate change impacts are documented, assessed, controlled and reported."
•,"Evolution continues to be recognised for its Sustainability performance, achieving sector leading ratings in Sustainalytics, ISS ESG and MSCI ESG"
,Ratings assessments and recognition in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Australia and Asia Pacific Indices. The Group was also included in the S&P
,"Global  Sustainability  Yearbook  2025  as  a  Yearbook  Member  and  recognised  as  an 
Industry  Mover  given 
the  achievement  of  significant"
,"improvements.  Proactive  external  stakeholder  engagement  is  prioritised,  particularly  with  First  Nation  Partners  which  will  be  supported  by  our"
,commitment to implement a Reconciliation Plan. This plan will strengthen our systems and processes to enable improvement in outcomes in local
,procurement for our local communities and First Nation Partners.

=== Table 2 (page 131) ===
1.,"Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY20 baseline estimated using location-based method, and FY25 estimated using market-based method. Update from"
,preliminary value of ~16% reduction reported in FY25 Directors’ Report following inclusion of corporate and exploration data and full data assessment delivered
,in September 2025.
"2.   Economic contributions include supplier payments, wages, dividend payments, interest, taxes, royalties, community investment, payments to providers of capital",
,and payments to financial institutions (interest). The FY24 total economic contribution was an update to the previously reported value of $2.7 billion following the
,inclusion of full Group data. Please refer to the ESG Performance Data ‘Economic Performance’ for more detail.
3.   Local and regional organisations are defined by postcode in relation to geographical proximity to Evolution mine sites.,

=== Table 3 (page 132) ===
in the areas that were important,
for our stakeholders.,
Dear Stakeholders,"targets, reached 21% female workforce representation."
,"Notably, in FY25, we had ~31% female representation across"
"In reporting on our sustainability performance this year,",the Board and Executive Leadership Team. While we did
it has been a pleasure to reflect on the positive contributions,"not meet our FY25 target of 22% female representation,"
made within the communities where we operate. With,"we significantly enhanced our talent attraction, retention"
"sustainability integrated into everything we do, we have","and engagement programs, supported by targeted, local"
delivered positive outcomes in the areas that were,initiatives to build an inclusive work environment.
important for our stakeholders. The focus on felt leadership,
and the proactive management of our material risks has,We are committed to listening and partnering with
translated into a significant increase in risk maturity across,our stakeholders to advance community development
the organisation. This includes a ~35% improvement in TRIF,outcomes and reconciliation. Building from the learnings
– which simply means that with the commitment of our,"of our First Nations Summit, we have committed to"
"people, our workplace continues to become safer for all.",delivering on our Reconciliation Plan supported by the
,Reconciliation Working Group and Steering Committee.
"Since publishing our first report in FY18, sustainability",These processes acknowledge both the Australian and
efforts have incrementally improved. This progress is,Canadian Reconciliation journeys and establish a structured
"set against a backdrop of changing social, geopolitical",framework to guide our actions and accountabilities to
and legislative landscapes that have brought new,"further Indigenous employment, procurement and economic"
challenges and expectations. This is seen in areas such,opportunities where we operate.
"as responsible procurement, gender diversity and climate",
and environmental risk. We have taken deliberate steps,Our sustainability performance is underpinned by our
to deepen our understanding of our sustainability risks,"governance framework and assurance program. In FY25,"
"and opportunities, including their potential impacts.",we conducted the annual assurance program to ensure
These insights are integrated into our decision-making,"alignment against our policies and standards, highlight"
and risk management processes.,"achievements, and identify opportunities to mature. These"
,included continuing the focus on felt leadership to validate
We aspire to enhance the environment in which we operate,that our critical controls were valid and effective. This leads
and ideally exceed our social and regulatory licence to,to building an inclusive environment where people feel that
operate. A risk-based approach is taken to environmental,speaking up to improve is how we operate.
"stewardship, evidenced by our management of climate-",
"and nature-related risks, water management, and their",Our sustainability reporting is recognised by key ratings
dependencies and impacts. We continue to advance our,agencies including in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class
environmental goals including building partnerships in,Australia and Asia Pacific Indices and the S&P Global 2025
"research studies to improve water management, and in the",Sustainability Yearbook. We also maintain alignment with
"reduction in freshwater consumption across our operations,","the UNGC, submitting our communication on progress"
with freshwater use intensity reducing by 28% (against,as part of this Report. I also refer you to our fifth annual
FY20 baseline).,Modern Slavery Statement aligned with Australian and
,Canadian legislation that reiterates our commitment and
"We remain committed to achieving net zero5 by 2050, in line",efforts in identifying and mitigating human rights risks.
with the Paris Agreement and incoming mandatory climate,
disclosure requirements. We are tracking well against,"On behalf of the Board, thank you to everyone who has"
our interim target of a 30% reduction in Scope 1 and 2,contributed to our progress this year. We are confident this
emissions by 2030 and have continued our decarbonisation,"Report is accurate and balanced, reflecting our transparent"
"assessments to validate this. These assessments, along",commitment to accountability and continuous improvement.
with our third-party assurance readiness review against,"With sustainability integrated into everything we do, we look"
"the mandatory ASRS AASB S2 climate-related disclosures,",forward to continuing to adapt to the evolving sustainability
have informed decision-making across the mining life cycle,landscape and working with our stakeholders to achieve
and will continue to support our pathway to net zero. This,"positive, lasting outcomes."
year we achieved ~17%6 reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG),
,Yours faithfully
"emissions, supported by renewable energy use, operational",
efficiencies and technology partnerships. We will continue,

=== Table 4 (page 133) ===
,"Annual Report
Financial Report
Sustainability Report"
Sustainability performance targets,
"In alignment with our sustainability strategy, we set",Each of our operations delivered their sustainability
performance targets and measure progress annually in the,"(health, safety, environmental, social responsibility)"
areas where we can have the greatest impact. Our FY25,"permits, approvals and plans in support of the delivery"
"targets were developed for each operation and function,",of the three-year goals (FY24–FY26).
"aligned with our material topics and risks, Sustainability",
Principles and three-year goals (FY24–FY26). These goals,See the table below for a summary and the associated
provide a strategic and tactical direction over the three,sections for more information.
"years, supported by the key pillars of sustainability, people,",
"operations, growth and financial outcomes.",FY26 target setting
,"During the year, the Board approved sustainability"
Performance,
,performance targets for FY26. These were developed
"In FY25, we achieved or exceeded 27 of 29 (93%) targets,","consistent with the FY25 target methodology and inputs,"
commitments and performance measures across health and,"including managing climate-related risks. The targets,"
"safety, environment, finance, people, community and First","which contained stretch elements, were developed in"
"Nations. Many of these targets were deliberately ambitious,",consultation with the business and considered emerging
making this outcome especially rewarding.,global and sectoral challenges and our commitments to the
,UNGC and Paris Agreement. Components of targets were
"We achieved all safety, health, wellbeing and environmental",linked to employee and management short-term incentive
targets and remain committed to delivering continuous,payments (STIP).
"improvement of our safety performance, as one injury is one",
too many. We are on track to meet our commitment of a,
30% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 and,
net zero by 2050 (Net Zero Commitment). Although we did,
"not meet our gender diversity target, significant progress",
"in attracting, engaging and retaining female employees was",
demonstrated with a ~10% improvement in representation,
from FY24. We continued to positively contribute to local,
and regional economies. We also strengthened governance,
of our Indigenous relations management and associated,
targets through a commitment to deliver our Reconciliation,
Plan. We recognise the need to improve against other,
performance targets and remain committed to doing so.,

=== Table 5 (page 134) ===
Sustainability performance targets and commitments,,,
Subcategory,Target/Commitment,Timeframe,"Target met
Target not met/In progress
Performance"
Governance and assurance,,,
Voluntary ESG,Externally validated,Ongoing/,Participation in third-party performance benchmarking and
disclosures and,third-party performance,FY25,ESG rating agencies
commitments,,,
,TCFD alignment (this will,FY25,Extending energy audit and climate scenario analysis (Cowal
to initiatives,,,
,transition to IFRS and,,"FY22, Mungari FY23, Ernest Henry FY24) with the finalisation of"
,ASRS climate-related,,the Northparkes energy audit and climate scenario analysis and
,disclosures from FY26,,the reassessment of the Group transition plan against 1.5°C and
,onwards),,2°C scenarios
,,,"Third-party validation and benchmarking of our FY22, FY23,"
,,,"FY24, FY25 TCFD reporting revealing improvement in strategy"
,,,and risk management
,,,Committee being established to manage specific emissions and
,,,energy supply challenges
,TNFD alignment,Ongoing/,Increasing the capability of our people and the integration
,,FY25,of TNFD final recommendations into planning and project
,,,processes
,ASRS AASB S1 and,Ongoing/,Completed third-party assessment of Evolution’s ASRS
,S2 alignment,FY26,assurance readiness
,,,Demonstrated our preparedness for incoming mandatory
,,,"disclosures, as well as known opportunities for improvement"
,,,"in developing a basis of preparation, Group transition"
,,,"plan, governance, financial disclosures and Scope 3. These"
,,,opportunities were actively being managed
,IFRS S1 and S2 alignment,FY25,Implemented recommendations from completed third-party
,,,assessment of IFRS S1 and S2 alignment from FY24 which
,,,demonstrated our ~72% weighted compliance
Assurance and,100% compliance to,FY25,100% of assurance activity completed against agreed
audit,assurance program,,Sustainability and Strategic Planning Standards and material risks
Business ethics,100% of whistleblower,Ongoing/,100% of whistleblower complaints (2) investigated and
,complaints investigated,FY25,addressed
,and addressed,,
,Zero cases of bribery or,Ongoing/,Zero reported cases of bribery or corruption
,corruption,FY25,
Board diversity,No less than 30% female,Ongoing/,With the commencement of Ms Fiona Hick as Non-Executive
,representation on the,FY25,"Director on 1 July 2024, and retirement of Mr Jim Askew on"
,Board,,"30 November 2024, female representation on the Board is 37.5%"
Executive,Increase in Executive,Ongoing/,"With the commencement of Ms Nancy Guay (CTO), the female"
management,diversity,FY25,representation on the Executive Leadership Team in FY25 was 25%
diversity,,,
,,,"In FY25, we announced the commencement of Ms Frances"
,,,"Summerhayes (CFO) in September 2025, which will increase"
,,,the representation to 33%
Modern slavery,Modern Slavery,Ongoing/,The 2024 Modern Slavery Statement was our first joint
and human,Statement compliance,FY25,statement covering Canada’s Fighting Against Forced Labour
rights (M),,,"and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act (S.C. 2023, c9). Preparing"
,,,the next Statement following the assessment of 75%7 of
,,,medium and high-risk suppliers
,Local and regional,Ongoing/,$3.7 billion contribution to the Australian and Canadian
,procurement,FY25,economies8 including $2.6 billion total procurement spend
,,,$505 million to local and regional businesses9 and organisations
,,,including $455 million in direct spend with local organisations
,,,(29% increase in local spend from FY24)

=== Table 6 (page 136) ===
,"Social: 2
Social: 2
Social: 2
Social: 2
Social: 2"
Sustainalytics,"27.4
29.8
29.2
40.4
40+ to 0
27.415"
11.,"Net Zero Commitment of 30% emissions reduction by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050, compared to FY20 baseline. Emissions targets are related to Scope 1"
,and Scope 2 only.
12.,"Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY20 baseline estimated using location-based method, and FY25 estimated using market-based method. Update from preliminary"
,value of ~16% reduction reported in FY25 Directors’ Report following inclusion of corporate and exploration data and full data assessment delivered in September 2025.
13.,"S&P Global ESG score which contains modelling, compared to our disclosure-based S&P Global CSA score of 61. Reported on a year lag as scores released August 2024."
14.,Final score as of 30 June 2025.
15.,Final score as of 30 June 2024. Evolution was not requested to complete feedback within the FY25 reporting period.
136,

=== Table 7 (page 145) ===
Disclosure standards,Industry initiatives,International business initiatives
GRI Standards,ICMC,United Nations Guiding
,,
Reporting ESG performance in,Cowal and Red Lake certified,Principles on Business
accordance with GRI requirements,to ICMC.,
since FY21.,,and Human Rights (UNGP)
,,
,Tailings Management,2024 Modern Slavery Statement
,,aligned with Australian and Canadian
TCFD,,
,Standards,"legislation, UNGP and UNGC."
which was disbanded and,,
,Tailings management approach at,
superseded by the climate-related,,
,,
disclosures under IFRS and ASRS,all operations is based on global,UNGC
,"industry best practices, including",
,,"Proud UNGC signatory since FY21,"
,Global Industry Standard on Tailings,
Reporting in line with TCFD since,,
,,joining a global business community
,"Management (GISTM), Australian",
FY20. 100% coverage against the,,
,,in a commitment to sustainable
,National Committee on Large Dams,
final recommendations of TCFD,,
,,"business practices, aligning our"
,(ANCOLD) 2019 and Canadian Dam,
since FY24 based on assessment,,
,,strategies and activities with the
,Association (CDA) Safety Guidelines,
by external consultants.,,
,,"UNGC’s Ten Principles, UNSDGs and"
,2013. Our approach integrates,
,,2030 SDG targets.
,"climate change, stakeholder",
Ongoing work in compliance to,,
,"engagement, emergency",
IFRS S2 following FY24 gap analysis.,,
,,Member of UNGC Network Modern
,"management, communities,",
,,Slavery Community of Practice.
ASRS assurance readiness,"receiving environment, dam safety",
assessment was completed in FY25,and post-mine land use.,
,,Communication of progress
with external auditors PwC. The aim,,
,,reported to UNGC annually.
was to improve the detail and depth,,
of disclosures as per the transition to,Church of England,
,,
,,UNSDGs
mandatory disclosures under ASRS.,Disclosure,
,,Positively contributing to progress
,Tailings storage facilities (TSF),
,,on the UNSDGs most relevant to
,,
TNFD,disclosed in the Church of England,
,,our operations through our activities
,Tailings Dam Management,
Undertook gap analysis and alignment,,
,,"and initiatives, aligned with our"
,"Disclosure, approved by Evolution’s",
review with TNFD V0.4 in FY23.,,
,,Sustainability Principles.
,Managing Director and Chief,
,Executive Officer.,
Reviewed final recommendations of,,
,,"Collaboration with government,"
,See the disclosure here.,
TNFD in FY24.,,
,,civil society and other businesses.
,,
Progress made to integrate,Reconciliation,
TNFD throughout the business in,,
,,
FY25 with a focus on water and,Australia Framework,
biodiversity.,,
,Referenced in the development,
,of our Australian and Canadian,
,,
The Greenhouse Gas,Reconciliation Plan along with,
,other framework alignment to,
Protocol: A Corporate,drive continuous improvement.,
Accounting and Reporting,,
Standard,,
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,,
disclosed in accordance with this,,
standard. Internally tracked Scope 3,,
emissions calculated in accordance,,
with related GHG Protocol: Technical,,
Guidance for Calculating Scope 3,,
Emissions.,,

=== Table 8 (page 159) ===
Evaluation of sustainability in tenders,Performance
"To improve our supply chain’s social and ethical footprint, all","In FY25, we worked with over 4,300 active suppliers and"
suppliers are required to conduct their business in alignment,contributed approximately $2.6 billion in payments to
"with our values, behaviours, objectives and policies,","suppliers. Of this, we spent $505 million with local and"
including the Supplier Code of Conduct and Procurement,"regional suppliers, including $455 million with local suppliers,"
Statement endorsed by the Board. Suppliers are expected to,which is a 29% increase in local spend compared to FY24
uphold high standards of governance and all applicable laws,attributable to the full-year inclusion of Northparkes.
such as Australian and Canadian Modern Slavery legislation.,
These requirements are embedded in our contracts and are,"Through this supplier engagement, sustainability continued"
"supported by active engagement and KPI management,",to be used as criteria and a performance driver in Evolution’s
"regular screening activities, and robust tender evaluation",procurement process by:
processes to manage upstream and downstream risks.,
,•  integrating our Net Zero Commitment into our
,"procurement, particularly for sourcing electricity and"
Our tender processes incorporate core sustainability,
,energy intensive goods;
"evaluation criteria including health and safety, environment,",
,•  exploring opportunities for the use of biofuels and clean
"climate, people and culture, community and First Nations,",
,energy options with various suppliers;
modern slavery and human rights. Specific considerations,
,•  external partnerships for Scope 3 emissions reduction and
include corporate governance and accountability structures;,
,"influence via our value chain, including in the Sustainable"
"existing sustainability policies, management plans, programs,",
,Value Chain Leadership Accelerator (SVCLA);
"risk assessments, monitoring, incident reporting and",
performance metrics; quantification of and initiatives to,"•  strategies to reduce, recycle and reuse high volume"
"improve emissions, water and waste management; policies","consumables categories, including tyres and lubricants;"
or practices to enhance inclusion and diversity; business,•  proactive opportunities to work with and source supply
ethics and conduct; as well as community and First Nations,"from First Nations partners, enhancing Indigenous"
plans and support.,participation and our Indigenous procurement
,approach; and
We continue to assess suppliers against our evaluation,
,•  participating in the UNGC Modern Slavery Communities
criteria for sustainability and business conduct as part,
,of Practice and UNGC BHRA for deeper understanding
of our standard tender process to drive positive value,
,"of challenges, knowledge sharing, upskilling and"
chain outcomes.,
,identification of continuous improvement opportunities.
Local and regional procurement,
Procuring goods and services from local and regional,
suppliers supports economic development and delivers,
broad benefits to the communities where we operate.,
We actively monitor and report direct procurement,
spend (paid by us) and indirect spend (paid by our,
subcontractors) to ensure transparency and measure our,
local economic impact.,
"As both an employer and community member, our",
procurement decisions are guided by processes that aim to,
"deliver meaningful, long-term value to local economies. Our",
local and regional procurement practices are focused on:,
•  promoting an open and shared culture across all our,
workplaces;,
•  providing ongoing training and education;,
"•  upholding equal opportunities, diversity and anti-",
discriminatory practices;,
"•  hiring employees, contractors and suppliers from the local",
community; and,
"•  engaging with local communities, including key",
"contractors, in various forums to discuss subcontracting,",
supply and employment opportunities.,

=== Table 9 (page 211) ===
"contributing to our net zero pathway, are summarised in the following table and expanded upon below.",,
Metrics and targets,Status,Progress in FY25
Target: 30% reduction in,On track,•  Progress on Net Zero Commitment with emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
emissions by 2030 and,,reduced by ~17%44 from FY20 baseline
net zero by 2050 (Scope,,
1 and 2),,
Decarbonisation,Achieved,Key highlights:
achievements in FY25,,
,,•  Commencement of Northparkes PPA in line with existing Cowal PPA
,,and our Renewable sourcing strategy

=== Table 10 (page 213) ===
Evolution Scope 1 and 2,Increases,Decreases,Power projects,2030 emissions reductions
46.  Scope 1 and 2 emissions estimated using a market-based approach from 2023 onwards with projected emissions based on forward looking energy consumption,,,,
,"models including an estimated forecast RMF using data from AEMO’s ISP for Cowal, Northparkes, Mungari and Mt Rawdon, Ontario’s emissions factor for Red Lake",,,
and a bespoke emissions factor for Ernest Henry.,,,,
"47.   Forward looking profile changes have occurred where new information is available because of updated life of mine plans (including expansions at Cowal, Mungari",,,,
,"and Ernest Henry), detailed site-specific decarbonisation studies (including Cowal, Mungari, Ernest Henry and Northparkes), improvements in data availability, and",,,
,"emissions forecast estimates moving to the market-based approach. Forecast emissions, profile changes and abatement pathways are subject to annual review.",,,
"48.  GHG emissions reduction initiatives include those implemented since 2020, and power projects for Mungari and Ernest Henry currently under evaluation, but",,,,
,exclude optimisation activities and other decarbonisation initiatives which are being considered using a range of assumptions but are yet to undergo feasibility,,,
,studies or investment commitment. Estimates do not contemplate any impacts associated with the MRPH that remains under assessment.,,,

=== Table 11 (page 214) ===
,,Energy supply,
"1,000",,Material movement,
,,Systems optimisation,
900,,,
,Actuals,,Machinery upgrades
,,,and VOD
,,,
800,Scope 1 GHG emissions,,
,,Modelled,
700,,,
600,,,
,Scope 2 GHG emissions,,
500,,,
400,,,
300,,,
200,1. 100% renewables,,

=== Table 12 (page 214) ===
and embed climate-related risks into our systems and,
processes preparing for mandatory disclosures.,
49.  Scope 1 and 2 emissions estimated using a market-based approach from 2023 onwards with projected emissions based on forward looking energy consumption,
,"models including an estimated forecast RMF using data from AEMO’s ISP for Cowal, Northparkes, Mungari and Mt Rawdon, Ontario’s emissions factor for Red Lake"
,and a bespoke emissions factor for Ernest Henry.
"50.  Forward looking profile changes have occurred where new information is available because of updated life of mine plans (including expansions at Cowal, Mungari",
,"and Ernest Henry), detailed site-specific decarbonisation studies (including Cowal, Mungari, Ernest Henry and Northparkes), improvements in data availability, and"
,"emissions forecast estimates moving to the market-based approach. Forecast emissions, profile changes and abatement pathways are subject to annual review."
51.,"GHG emissions reduction initiatives include those implemented since 2020, and power projects for Mungari and Ernest Henry currently under evaluation, but"
,exclude optimisation activities and other decarbonisation initiatives which are being considered using a range of assumptions but are yet to undergo feasibility
,studies or investment commitment. Estimates do not contemplate any impacts associated with the MRPH that remains under assessment.
"52.   Actual emission factors and location-based method were used from FY20-FY22 (source: NGAF, DCCEEW).",

=== Table 13 (page 214) ===
"2028
2029
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027"
"In FY25, we continued year-on-year reductions of Scope 
The forecast diagram illustrates the alignment between"
"1 and 2 emissions, achieving a ~17% reduction from our 
the decarbonisation timeline, key activities and the"
"FY20 baseline, an improvement against FY24. The data 
forecasted impact of our emissions reduction pathway. The"
"supporting this value has been validated by an external 
assumptions, uncertainties and dependencies underpinning"
"specialist, in accordance with the Australian National 
this transition plan – and associated reduction forecasts"
"Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement) 
– are detailed in the footnotes and are based on site-"
"Determination 2008 (NGER Determination) and Regulations, 
specific decarbonisation roadmap assumptions. This data"
"and the GHG Protocol. This reduction was driven by the 
will continue to be reviewed and expanded as we progress"
"continued contribution of the Cowal PPA, including a 
towards 2050."
"step-up in renewable energy proportion in 2025, as well"
"as the introduction of a new, similar PPA for Northparkes, 
Performance"
enhanced through strategic voluntary LGC rebalancing.
Progress against our Net Zero Commitment
"In FY21, we established our Net Zero Commitment, targets"
"and metrics to monitor and measure progress. Each year,"
"we have continued to refine these, build internal skills and"
"capabilities, plan and implement decarbonisation actions,"
and embed climate-related risks into our systems and
processes preparing for mandatory disclosures.
49.  Scope 1 and 2 emissions estimated using a market-based approach from 2023 onwards with projected emissions based on forward looking energy consumption
"models including an estimated forecast RMF using data from AEMO’s ISP for Cowal, Northparkes, Mungari and Mt Rawdon, Ontario’s emissions factor for Red Lake"
and a bespoke emissions factor for Ernest Henry.
"50.  Forward looking profile changes have occurred where new information is available because of updated life of mine plans (including expansions at Cowal, Mungari"
"and Ernest Henry), detailed site-specific decarbonisation studies (including Cowal, Mungari, Ernest Henry and Northparkes), improvements in data availability, and"
"emissions forecast estimates moving to the market-based approach. Forecast emissions, profile changes and abatement pathways are subject to annual review."
"51. 
GHG emissions reduction initiatives include those implemented since 2020, and power projects for Mungari and Ernest Henry currently under evaluation, but"
exclude optimisation activities and other decarbonisation initiatives which are being considered using a range of assumptions but are yet to undergo feasibility
studies or investment commitment. Estimates do not contemplate any impacts associated with the MRPH that remains under assessment.
"52.   Actual emission factors and location-based method were used from FY20-FY22 (source: NGAF, DCCEEW)."
214

=== Table 14 (page 216) ===
"Our approach to reducing emissions is supported by the following pillars, with progress for FY25 detailed below.",,
Emissions and,Emissions reduction,Climate scenario analysis
,,
data forecasting,pathways,and management of emerging
,,and mandatory disclosures and
with a split by value chain emissions,aligned with science-based,
,,"frameworks such as IFRS, ASRS"
,strategies,
,,and TNFD
Life of mine and,,
,•  Further developed site,
,,•  Progress against TCFD reporting
,,
procurement integration,decarbonisation roadmaps,– currently at 100% coverage
,"under 1.5°C and 2°C scenarios,",
to ensure that strategies are,,with improved strategy and risk
,including marginal abatement cost,
embedded within each stage of the,,management disclosures from
,curves (MACC) and integrated,
business cycle,,previous year
,opportunities into mine expansion,
,,•  Implemented climate scenario
,feasibility studies,
Project development and,,
,,"analysis across projects, including"
"deployment through financing,",•  Annual review of the Evolution-,
,,Ernest Henry Mine Extension
capital allocation and operational,level pathway planning in line with,
,,Feasibility Study – energy and
,site decarbonisation roadmaps,
,,"emissions, extreme weather events"
structures that embed,"•  Northparkes energy audit,",
,,(storms)
,climate scenario analysis and,
,,
emissions considerations,,•  Strengthened water-related
,decarbonisation assessments,
,,position of TNFD
,"undertaken, and improvement",
•  Continuous improvement of,,
,opportunities and findings fed into,
emissions forecasting based on,,
,future planning,
,,
life of mine plans and monitoring,,Value chain partnerships
,•  Renewable sourcing strategy,
progress against forecast,,
,implemented as Northparkes PPA,enhancing understanding of current
•  Continued emissions review and,,
,commenced,"and future value chain emissions,"
application of emissions modelling,,
,,developing industry partnerships
in capital expenditure request,,
,,and relationships accordingly
"processes, life of mine planning,",,
business development opportunity,Operational emissions,
,,•  Sustainability Advantage – SVCLA
"assessments, due diligence",,
,,
,optimisation,participation and collaboration
and major project activities to,,
,,with Sustainability Advantage
assess the impact of acquisitions,"through portfolio optimisation,",
,,expert panel members. Identifying
and projects on our net zero,decarbonisation projects and,
,,and executing opportunities for
performance and FY20 baseline,business case assessments,
,,"development in Scope 1, 2, and"
,,3 decarbonisation and climate

=== Table 15 (page 217) ===
Scope 1 and 2 emissions,FY25 emissions performance against FY20 baseline
We use a range of standardised metrics to track emissions,
,"FY20 
Change"
"performance, emissions intensity and energy consumption.",
,"GHG emissions
FY2554
(baseline)55
(%)"
Performance is reported on a financial year basis and,
"aligned with international standards, and Australian and",
,Total Scope 1 and 2
Canadian regulatory requirements.,
,"761,424
919,167
~17
(tCO2-e)"
"For Scope 2 emissions, we apply both the location-based",
,Scope 1 (tCO2-e)
"and market-based methodologies, consistent with the NGER",
Determination and the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance53.,"531,744
687,344
~23
Scope 2 (tCO2-e)"
"In FY25, we successfully completed our annual (FY24) NGER",
,"In FY25, our total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (from fuel and"
"reporting for all Australian operations, which is prepared by",
,"electricity consumption) continued to trend downwards,"
an external specialist and submitted to the Clean Energy,
,"achieving a reduction of 17% from the FY20 baseline,"
Regulator. We also submitted our annual emission report,
,predominantly attributed to the Cowal and Northparkes
for our Canadian operation to Environment and Climate,
,PPAs. This is aligned with our approach which prioritises
Change Canada.,
,decarbonising Scope 2 emissions through renewable energy.
,Almost half of all electricity purchased across the portfolio in
We elected not to report under the Clean Energy,
,FY25 was sourced from renewable or low-emission sources.
Regulator’s Corporate Emissions Reduction Transparency,
,"At Cowal, 66% of electricity was sourced from renewables,"
"(CERT) framework, instead continuing to publicly report our",
,largely due to the PPA and voluntary surrender of LGCs.
"emissions targets through established disclosures, aligned",
,"At Red Lake, 84% of electricity came from low-emission or"
with upcoming ASRS requirements.,
,"renewable sources, largely due to the composition of the"
Energy and emissions performance is regularly tracked and,supply grid.
reported in accordance with our Sustainability and Strategic,
Planning Standards.,
"In 2025, a miscalculation was identified in previously",
reported market-based emissions estimates for FY23,
and FY24. Additional voluntary LGCs were surrendered,
to rebalance FY24 and FY25 reporting with emissions,
estimates tracking in alignment with the stated emissions,
reductions and targets.,

=== Table 16 (page 217) ===
"53.   Since FY23, Evolution has applied the market-based emissions accounting approach. This approach, aligned with the GHG Protocol, provides the ability to account"
"for emissions reductions associated with renewable energy instruments (such as the Cowal PPA), where appropriate, as well as the use of RMF. In accordance with"
"the GHG Protocol, for a multi-regional company where the market-based method applies, market-based emissions are calculated for the portfolio for consistency."
For operations within the portfolio where the use of RMF is not applicable (i.e. Ernest Henry and Red Lake which are not covered by the national RMF) as per the
"GHG Protocol hierarchy location-based method is used for those facilities, as the market and location-based calculated Scope 2 emissions are the same."
54.  FY25 Scope 2 emissions estimated using the market-based method in alignment with the GHG Protocol. PPA-related LGCs will be surrendered in 2026 for the 2025
calendar year.
"55.   FY20 emissions baseline for current assets validated in accordance with the GHG Protocol, using location-based method."

=== Table 17 (page 218) ===
Proportion of electricity consumption,FY25 Scope 1 and 2 emissions (tCO2-e) breakdown by operation57,
by category FY21 - FY25,,
100%,"250,000",
80%,"200,000",
53%,,
"58%
65%",,
66%,,
71%,,
60%,"150,000",
,"132,434",
"10%
40%",,
,"83,540
100,000",
10%,,
,"129,734",
9%,,
,"126,617",
20%,"50,000",
"37%
35%","9,408",
"32%
29%",,"49,893"
25%,,
,"74,321
65,715",
,"30,070
27,327",
,"19,095","13,088"
0%,0,
"FY21
FY22
FY23
FY2456
FY25","Cowal
Ernest
Northparkes
Red
Mungari",Mt

=== Table 18 (page 218) ===
FY25 proportion of total  Scope 1 and,"Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (tCO2-e) breakdown by operation FY20 vs FY2557, 58"
2 emissions (tCO2-e)  by operation57,
,"300,000"
,"281,612"
8%,
,"250,000"
27%,
,"218,790"
,"206,755"
20%,
,"200,000"
,"158,407
159,804"
,"149,256
145,711"
,"150,000"
,"127,259"
5%,
,"103,238"
,"100,000"
21%,
,"62,981"
19%,
,"36,735
50,000"
,"29,583"

=== Table 19 (page 219) ===
,,,The FY25 emissions intensity performance compared to
consistently compare data in the context of activity at,,,
,,FY20 is presented in the below figures.,
all operations.,,,
GHG emissions intensity,FY2559,FY20 (baseline)60,Change (%)
Emissions intensity (total Scope 1 and 2,0.0166,0.0175,-5
tCO2-e per tonne material mined),,,
Emissions intensity (total Scope 1 and 2,0.0266,0.0369,-28
tCO2-e per tonne ore processed),,,

=== Table 20 (page 220) ===
Scope 3 emissions,Performance
,In FY25 we:
Management approach,
Our internal Scope 3 emissions reporting is guided by the,
,•  completed externally assessed assurance readiness
principles of:,
,"regarding Scope 3 emissions, in preparation for incoming"
,ASRS requirements;
"•  transparency of data, methodology and selection of",
,•  implemented improvements in our governance and
material categories;,
,reporting process aligned with the findings of the ASRS
•  setting a good foundation and structure for reporting; and,
,readiness assessment;
"•  continuous improvement in data collection, governance",
,•  calculated Scope 3 emissions across five reporting
and assurance.,
,"categories, aligned with the GHG Protocol (purchased"
,"goods and services, capital goods, fuel and energy-related"
Scope 3 emissions data for key categories is internally,
,"activities, business travel, processing of sold products), and"
"collated and reviewed, externally calculated, and disclosed",
,externally validated through a third-party specialist; and
to select ESG agencies. We acknowledge our Scope 3 data,
,•  finalised the SVCLA thought leadership initiative in
is not yet publicly disclosed. We commit to continuing to,
,partnership with Sustainability Advantage and 100%
monitor and review our year-on-year trends and disclose,
,"Renewables, which enabled us to deepen our understanding"
Scope 3 following the clarification of best practice,
,and mapping of our upstream and downstream value
reporting expectations from the IFRS and impending,
,"chain, and the opportunities for measurable Scope 3"
ASRS requirements.,
,emissions reductions through partnerships.

=== Table 21 (page 222) ===
LTI,Lost time injury. An occupational injury / illness which results in a person being diagnosed by a registered medical practitioner as totally
,incapacitated for work for one or more rostered day(s) / shift(s) subsequent to that on which the event occurred.
LTIF,Lost time injury frequency rate. Refers to the number of lost time injuries per million hours worked.
LTIP,Long-term incentive plan.
M,Million. Number equivalent to the product of one thousand times one thousand.
MACC,"Marginal abatement cost curve. A graphical tool that illustrates various methods for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, ranking them"
,by their cost-effectiveness.
ML,Megalitre. Measurement equivalent to one million litres.
MSCI,Morgan Stanley Capital International – an investment research firm.
Net Zero,"Our commitment to a net zero emissions future by 2025, made via ASX release on 1 July 2021, including commitments to: reducing"
Commitment,greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030 and achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 (or earlier) (Scope 1 and 2
,emissions from a FY20 baseline).
NGAF,National Greenhouse Accounts Factors.
NGER,National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting. A national framework for reporting and disseminating company information and
,"greenhouse gas emissions, energy production and energy consumption."
NGFS,Network for Greening the Financial System.
NGOs,"Non-governmental organisation. A non-profit, citizen-based group that functions independently of government."
NIR,National Inventory Report.
NIST,"National Institute of Standards and Technology. Founded in 1901, NIST is one of United States’ oldest physical science laboratories; they"
,released a cyber security framework that integrates industry standards and best practices to help organisations manage their cyber
,security risks.
NPI,"National Pollutant Inventory. The NPI provides the community, industry and government with free information about substance emissions"
,in Australia.
OSHA,Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
PPA,Power Purchase Agreement.
PPC,Personal protective clothing.
PPE,Personal protective equipment. Anything used or worn on our employees to minimise risk to their health and safety.
PTD,Permanent total disabilities.
Representative,Also known as RCPs. They are a defined set of climate change scenarios to project future greenhouse gas concentrations as outlined
Concentration,in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Fifth Assessment Report in 2014. They are being replaced by the Shared
Pathways,Socioeconomic Pathways. See below.
RI,"Recordable injury. Include lost time injuries, restricted work injuries and medical treatment injuries."
RMF,Residual mix factor
S&P Global,"Company that provides data, research, news and analytics to customers including institutional investors and corporations."
SA,Sustainability Advantage. NSW Government program encouraging and accelerating the sustainability of medium to large businesses.
SAQ,Supplier assessment questionnaire.
Scope 1,Category of greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 1 is sometimes referred to as direct emissions and refers to emissions released to the
,atmosphere as a direct result of an activity.
Scope 2,Category of greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 2 refers to emissions released to the atmosphere from the indirect consumption of an
,energy commodity.
Scope 3,Category of greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 3 refers to emissions from indirect sources along the value chain.
SFAIRP,So far as is reasonably practicable.
Shared,Also known as SSPs. They are a defined set of climate change scenarios of projected socioeconomic global changes up to 2100 as
Socioeconomic,outlined in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Sixth Assessment Report on climate change in 2021. They are transitioning
Pathways,in to replace the Representative Concentration Pathways.
Shared value,Also known as SVPs. The Evolution Mining Shared value project program implements future-focused legacy projects that deliver
projects,"community and/or environmental outcomes locally, regionally and nationally."
SRMs,Supplier relationship meetings.
STIP,Short-term incentive plan.
t,Tonnes.
TARP,Trigger Action Response Plan. Consists of a set of documented and known workplace hazards that need to be continuously checked for.
TCFD,Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. An organisation that was established in December 2015 with the goal of developing
,a set of voluntary climate-related financial risk disclosures which may be adopted by companies.
TNFD,Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures. An organisation formally launched in June 2021 with the goal of developing a set of
,voluntary nature-related financial risk disclosures which may be adopted by companies.
TRIF,"Total recordable injury frequency. Usually forms part of the acronym TRIFR and refers to the number of fatalities, lost time injuries,"
,"alternate work, and other injuries requiring medical treatment per million hours worked."
TSF,Tailings storage facility. A reservoir or dynamic structure designed to safely store left over materials from the processing of mined ore.
UNGC,United Nations Global Compact. It is a non-binding United Nations pact to get businesses and firms worldwide to adopt sustainable and
,"socially responsible policies, and to report on their implementation."
UNGP,"United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. They are a set of guidelines for States and companies to prevent,"
,address and remedy human rights abuses committed in business operations.
UNSDGs,United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. These are global goals adopted by all United Nations Member States as a universal call
,"to action to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure that all people enjoy peace and prosperity by 2030."
VOD,Ventilation on demand.
WCC,"Wiradjuri Condobolin Corporation, a First Nations partner at our Cowal Gold Operations."