=== Page 19 ===
  |  EVT LIMITED   ANNUAL REPORT  DIRECTORS’ REPORT  
 Key risks and  
opportunities   
Potential impact   
How we are responding  
Environmental 
Sustainability and  
Climate Change 
 
 The Group’s assets and operations are exposed to 
risks associated with climate change, including 
physical risks, such as an increase in frequency 
and severity of severe weather events and a 
reliance on natural snowfall in Thredbo, and 
transitional risks, such as the imposition of a 
carbon price. Physical climate-related risks may 
increase the cost of insurance or result in 
underinsurance of assets in the future. In addition, 
the Group is exposed to specific environmental 
sustainability and compliance risks, including in 
respect of the operation of a sewerage treatment 
plant and compliance with water licence 
requirements in Thredbo.  The Group continued alignment with the 
recommended disclosures of the Task-force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”), 
and further information regarding the Group’s 
response to climate-related risks and 
opportunities is set out below. The Group has 
implemented a robust risk management 
framework to manage compliance with its specific 
environmental obligations in Thredbo. 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 
The Group remains committed to minimising its impact on the environment and responding to a changing climate. Progress 
continues to ensure strong foundations, and the Group is actively pursuing its strategic sustainability objectives. In a dynamic and 
complex external environment, the Group continues to focus on working with our people, customers and communities to drive better 
choices for our planet.  
 
Materiality assessment 
The results of the Group’s materiality assessment were summarised and disclosed in the Group’s  Annual Report. This remains 
unchanged in FY, with the material topics identified in FY considered to have continued relevance to the Group’s stakeholders. 
For reference, the material topics identified in FY are outlined in the table below. Further information about the process of 
identifying the Group’s material topics are set out in the Group’s  Annual Report. 
 Material Topics 
People Community Environment 
 Health, safety and wellbeing 
 Employee engagement 
 Talent attraction and retention 
 Diversity, inclusion and equal 
opportunity 
 Training, learning and development 
  Business reputation 
 Stakeholder engagement  Climate change 
 Carbon emissions 
 Sustainable design and building 
 Natural capital 
 Packaging and waste management 
 Responsible Procurement 
 Cyber and data security  Regulatory compliance  Transparency 
 
Our approach to Sustainability 
Three strategic priorities underpin the Group’s approach to sustainability:   
 
- Grow revenue above market : by differentiating our products and services. 
- Maximise assets : by investing in more resource efficient properties or infrastructure, we can enhance the value of our 
portfolio. 
- Business transformation : by taking the necessary steps to ensure EVT is well positioned to respond to a changing climate 
and to transition to a lower carbon economy. 
 
Achieving the Group’s strategic priorities is supported by four focus areas which include: 
- sourcing responsibly; 
- designing for the future;  
- playing our part (transparency and reporting); and 
- our partnerships. 
 
The table below provides more detail on what these strategic priorities mean in practice for the Group, including how the focus areas 
support them, how they are measured, and how the Group will put them into action. Importantly, while the Group’s activities have 
many positive impacts, there are also trade-offs with Group activities which may also have the potential to cause adverse impacts. 
The Group is committed to continuously improving sustainability performance by maintaining progress towards the Group’s strategic 
priorities, optimising positive contributions and, where practicable, minimising adverse impacts. The Group will continue to review its 
goals to ensure they remain relevant to the business and its stakeholders, and reflect its ambition for the future.

=== Page 20 ===
  |  EVT LIMITED   ANNUAL REPORT  DIRECTORS’ REPORT  
  
Strategic priority  
What are we trying to achieve? Focus areas 
Where are we focusing 
efforts? Goal 
What does this mean for the 
Group? FY Update 
What was achieved during 
the year? 
 
 
Grow revenue above market  by 
differentiating our products and 
services to meet customers’ 
expectations of lower carbon 
experiences and grow revenue 
ahead of our competitors  
 
 Sourcing responsibly 
Choosing to work with 
suppliers who align to our 
sustainability principles and 
sourcing more sustainable 
products  Working with our supply 
chain to: 
 identify suppliers who 
have emissions 
reduction goals and can 
support us with robust 
emissions data 
 reduce packaging and 
increase recyclable 
packaging where it is 
unavoidable 
 improve waste data and 
identify reduction 
opportunities  
 identify opportunities to 
procure within Australia 
and New Zealand Where relevant, material 
Group procurement activities 
now include a sustainability 
assessment including 
consideration of: 
- Australia and New 
Zealand production  
- inclusion of recycled 
material, and emphasis on 
recyclable products 
Group waste contracting 
continues to be embedded in 
the business, with enhanced 
data collection and reporting 
for participating locations Reduce emissions by 
decreasing energy and 
natural resource 
consumption and 
purchasing renewable 
electricity Emissions reduction goals in 
place, and validated by the 
Science-based Target 
Initiative (SBTi) in March 
 
Updated emissions data is 
provided in ‘Goals and 
Metrics section below 
 
Maximise assets  by investing in 
more resource efficient 
properties, and enhancing the 
value of our portfolio 
 
 Designing for the future 
Choosing to actively build 
and embed sustainability 
into how we design, refresh 
and operate our properties  Maintain National Australian 
Built Environment Rating 
System (“NABERS”) ratings 
for owned property  Complete – NABERS ratings 
have been maintained for 
owned properties in FY 
Consider and where 
practical, prioritise products 
which include recycled 
material, reduce energy and 
water use, and recycle waste 
in capital expenditure 
projects. This also includes 
appropriate building 
certifications  * Green Star rating targeted 
for LyLo Gold Coast 
development 
Demonstrate our progress in 
achieving more sustainable 
operations in our hotel 
division by securing third 
party validated sustainability 
certifications QT Gold Coast and Rydges 
Christchurch achieved 
Sustainable Tourism 
Certification (EcoTourism 
Australia)

=== Page 21 ===
  |  EVT LIMITED   ANNUAL REPORT  DIRECTORS’ REPORT  
  
Strategic priority  
What are we trying to achieve? Focus areas 
Where are we focusing 
efforts? Goal 
What does this mean for the 
Group? FY Update 
What was achieved during 
the year? 
Business transformation  by 
taking the necessary steps to 
ensure EVT is well positioned to 
respond to a changing climate 
and to transition to a lower 
carbon economy 
 
.  
 
 
 
 
Playing our part 
Choosing to respond to a 
changing climate, empower 
our people and customers to 
take part, and share our 
progress along the way  Disclose our progress in 
responding to climate-
related risks and 
opportunities in line with the 
recommended disclosures of 
the Taskforce on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures 
(“TCFD”), and progressively 
enhancing our approach to 
meet the mandatory 
Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards 
(“ASRS”) reporting 
requirements in FY   
 
Continued alignment with 
the recommended 
disclosures of TCFD in the 
Annual Report and 
preparation for ASRS in FY 
 
 
Build our teams’ awareness 
of the Group’s emissions 
reduction goals and 
awareness of the role they 
play in achieving these goals.  Annual Group-wide ‘Elevate 
our Environment Campaign’ 
(September ) to 
showcase better practice 
across our Group and 
engage our teams. 
 
‘Introduction to 
Sustainability @EVT’ Group-
wide learning module which 
will be available to all staff (due for release in Q FY) 
 
Development and roll out of 
‘Thredbo Sustainability’ 
module to all Thredbo staff  
Our partnerships 
Choosing to work with 
strategic partners and 
experts who will hold us to 
account and help us achieve 
our goals  Strengthen the 
implementation of our goals 
by working cross-functionally 
to deliver our goals across 
our businesses, and with 
partners and industry groups 
externally to drive progress  Introduction of 
sustainability-focussed 
session at the Australian 
International Movie 
Convention (October ) 
 
Transparency and reporting – playing our part 
In June , the International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) released its global sustainability disclosure standards, IFRS 
S and IFRS S. IFRS S sets out specific climate-related disclosures and builds upon the recommendations of the TCFD. These 
reporting frameworks also form the basis of the ASRS which came into force following the successful passage through the Australian 
Parliament of the ‘Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other Measures) Act ’. As a Group  business, 
the Group is required to make ASRS-aligned disclosures in FY and is well positioned to do so given its progressive activity to align 
its climate disclosures with the TCFD. 
   
The Group also continues to monitor emerging changes to sustainability reporting standards and guidance, chiefly: 
– The European Union: Following approval of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) Omnibus Package in April 
, the Group is now required to issue a sustainability report in line with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ESRS) in FY. This will cover the Group’s European operations, primarily the German cinema business and preparations are 
under way to respond to these reporting standards. 
– The Taskforce on Nature Related Financial Disclosures (TNFD): In July , the Group completed a gap analysis of the TNFD 
framework. The TNFD framework follows the structure of the TCFD framework, and the Group’s existing governance, strategy and 
risk structures support the integration of nature-related risks and opportunities. In FY, the Group will begin work to complete a 
high-level assessment of nature-related risks and opportunities in the value chain, focussed on a small number of priority-related 
locations and products.

=== Page 22 ===
  |  EVT LIMITED   ANNUAL REPORT  DIRECTORS’ REPORT  
  
Sustainability Governance 
The Group maintains a consistent approach to sustainability governance, underpinned by resilient governance frameworks. The 
Group’s approach to sustainability governance is outlined below and there have been no material changes to our sustainability 
governance model in this reporting period. 
 
Board oversight 
The Group’s Board of Directors, directly and through authority delegated to the Audit and Risk Committee, is responsible for reviewing 
and approving the Group’s sustainability-related strategies, goals, and material investments to manage actual or potential impacts 
and opportunities on the Group. The Board sets the overall risk appetite for the Group and monitors the Group’s significant financial 
and non-financial business risks as well as the adequacy, effectiveness and operation of risk management and compliance policies, 
controls and frameworks.  
 
The Board is also committed to ensuring there is an appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity represented on the Board to 
support decision-making. The Group’s Directors have a broad range of skills across various professions and industries and strong 
capabilities in risk management, including climate-related risks. The Board will continue to consider appropriate sustainability skills 
as part of its skills matrix, and is committed to continually developing climate-related capability.   
 
As in prior years, the Board has been engaged regularly in the Group’s climate-related activities and progress, including successful 
validation by SBTi of the Group’s emissions reduction goals, emissions metrics and the dynamic sustainability reporting environment. 
The Group’s climate scenario analysis remains unchanged from the prior year and the impact of these climate scenarios on the 
Group’s strategic plans will continue to be considered within the overall risk management process.  
    
The Board is informed about the requirements of ASRS S. 
 
The role of management  
Once approved by the Board, the CEO leads the delivery of 
the Group’s strategic response to climate change, with the 
Company Secretary responsible for leading the Group’s 
implementation of sustainability-related strategies and for 
reporting progress to the Board at least twice a year.  
 
The Group’s Senior Leadership Team (“SLT”) oversee 
execution of the Group’s sustainability strategy and are 
responsible for embedding the Group’s responses to climate 
risks and opportunities into day-to-day risk management, 
business strategy, planning and budgetary processes. The 
SLT is accountable for ensuring that the Group identifies, 
assesses, and manages material risks, including climate 
change and other sustainability risks. Supporting the SLT is 
the Group Sustainability function and the Sustainability 
Committee which formulates and drives implementation of 
EVT’s climate response, including the Group’s 
decarbonisation pathway and climate resilience evaluation. 
The Sustainability Committee meets quarterly to track 
progress towards the Group’s sustainability strategy.               EVT’s Sustainability Governance Overview Diagram  
 
Sustainability strategy and risk management  
The Group’s diverse, global operations require careful consideration of the strategic, operational, regulatory and financial risks 
associated with a changing climate. Accordingly, the Group implements a robust set of risk management practices, to identify, assess 
and manage climate-related risks and opportunities that adhere to its risk policy principles of creating and protecting value, through 
integrated, focused, tailored and iterative risk management. This includes enterprise-level risk management, informed by the 
materiality assessment and the climate scenario analysis.  
 
Further information regarding the Group’s risk management framework and approach is set out in the  Corporate Governance 
Statement, available at www.evt.com/investors .   
The Group periodically conducts climate scenario  analysis, including deep dives on the physical and transition risks facing the Group, 
with updated analysis being performed during FY. As in FY, the time horizons are aligned to the requirements of TCFD and 
outlined below:  
 Short term:  - years 
 Medium term:  - years 
 Long term:  - years