=== Page 10 ===
CEO message
Welcome to our 2023 Sustainability Report 
As founder and chief executive officer (CEO),  
I am pleased to present our 2023 fiscal year sustainability report.
This is our second sustainability report and it has been 
produced at an important juncture as we re-emerge from the shadows of the COVID-19 pandemic and as normal everyday societal interactions – including travel patterns – resume.
Our first report was, of course, issued in a more 
uncertain climate during the pandemic and it provided a higher-level overview of our beliefs, policies and strategies than this second incarnation, which drills down into our key focus areas and the targets we are now working towards.
In the pages ahead, you will read more about our  
five key areas, specifically:
1.
 our people;
2. our partners;
3. our customers;
4. our planet; and
5. our principles.
You will also see that we are making progress towards 
our emissions reduction targets, although it must be pointed out that our business has changed materially since the base year for these targets (2019) which was the last normal year before the pandemic. 
While our formal sustainability reporting is in 
its
 infancy, we are by no means newcomers in 
terms of our focus on these very important areas. Indeed,
 we have a long track record of investment 
and innovation, particularly in relation to our people.
We strongly believe in delivering Brightness of  Future 
career development opportunities and promotion 
from within, where  possible.
This is reflected very clearly in our senior leadership team, our global taskforce, with:
•
 Three members starting their careers with FLT 
within  its corporate travel ranks (Charlene Leiss, 
Bertrand Saillet and James Kavanagh)
• Two starting in Flight Centre shops (Chris Galanty and Steve Norris) and•
 Two others (Adam Campbell and Greg Parker) starting their careers with us in finance and supply roles respectively, before being promoted into more senior positions within their areas of expertise.
For some 25 years, we have also provided our people with access to dedicated and very popular services designed to improve their health and well-being (Healthwise) and their financial position (Moneywise).
To make a real difference, though, across our  
five key
 areas of sustainability, we obviously have to 
also look externally – we cannot simply look within  
our own  business.
We are a diversified global travel company with
 a significant network of leisure, corporate and 
other brands, working with the world’s largest travel sector businesses and serving a variety of customers every year. Clearly, we have an important role to play, particularly in relation to helping educate customers on the choices they are making when they travel for work or pleasure.
We take this responsibility seriously and are 
committed to working with our industry partners to
 both address any negative impacts of travel and 
to achieve our overarching sustainability objectives. We look forward to updating you on our progress in
 the years ahead and as we also incorporate 
more  detailed sustainability reporting into our 
Annual  Report.
GRAHAM “SKROO” TURNERFounder,  Managing Director & CEO
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 20236

=== Page 11 ===
GSO message
As one of the world’s largest travel retailers 
and corporate travel managers, we recognise our responsibility to help preserve the places we
 love, while enriching our people, destinations, 
and communities. Our sustainability vision is 
intrinsically linked to our company purpose – to open up the world for those who want to see. We
 want 
to deliver amazing travel experiences around the world and, to achieve this, we need to do our part to
 preserve that world.
We’re pleased to be able to share with you the progress we’ve made over the past couple of years. 
While we have invested in this area, the creation 
of my
 role as global sustainability officer (GSO) 
in December 2021 signalled a step-change for sustainability at FLT. Since then, the business has adopted a more formal approach and placed a significant focus on progressing our sustainability initiatives – all with the continued support from senior
 leadership. 
During 2022, we created our global sustainability vision
 and strategy, which we have shared throughout 
this report. As leaders within the travel industry, our
 team members, partners, peers, and customers 
look to us to inspire positive change and address the impacts of travel. With our strategy now set, we are transitioning our focus to the delivery of our
 commitments. 
During FY23, we established a Sustainability Taskforce to oversee our group-wide sustainability plans and progress. This group will be crucial for ensuring accountability and maintaining momentum behind
 our strategy. We also recognise that industry 
collaboration is key, so we joined the Global  Sustainable 
Tourism Council® and launched the Travel Better Alliance, an
 industry peer advisory group. 
Another important milestone has been the calculation of our carbon footprint, which has guided our priorities and ability to set meaningful emissions reduction targets. One of my personal highlights has been seeing how the FLT sustainability strategy has  been brought to life through various initiatives. Our Discova team developed Kaura Bali, a
 new 
immersive village experience and an outstanding example of community-based travel. We
 also 
announced our Planting for the Planet program  within the Flight Centre brand, through which
 we  
are aiming to plant one million trees over the next year. You can read more about both initiatives within
 this report. 
In compiling this report, we are encouraged by the progress made since creating our sustainability vision
 and strategy, holding us in good stead to 
achieve the ambitious goals we have set for 2030. We
 still have a long way to go, however we are 
focused on continually improving. 
We look forward to sharing with you our 
continued  progress in preserving and 
enriching  a world worth seeing.
MICHELLE DEGENHARDT Global Sustainability Ofﬁcer (GSO)
FLIGHT CENTRE TRAVEL GROUP7

=== Page 15 ===
CEO & Taskforce
FLT BoardSustainability Taskforce (STF)
• Sustainable strategic guidance
- Greenhouse gas (GHG) 
accounting
- Global reporting standards
Internal Resources
• Global People & Culture 
Executive team
• RAP Working Group (AUS)
- DE&I global working groups
- Flight Centre FoundationInternal Resources
• Global Procurement Lead
• Global air contracting• Global land contracting
Internal Resources
• Corporate Hotel Program• “Planting for the Planet” 
FCB Program
• Corporate sustainability 
consultingInternal Resources
• Group Sustainability 
Business Analyst
• Global property teams• Environmental 
champions (Global)
• Environmental 
Justice Group (Americas)
• Global finance teamsInternal Resources
• Group Sustainability 
Business Analyst
• ISSB working group
• Global Financial Reporting• Legal• Enterprise RiskGlobal Sustainability Officer (GSO)
Our People
Global Chief People and Culture LeaderOur Partners
Supply Transformation Lead
Our Customers
Country Managing Director'sOur Planet
General Manager Insurance
and SustainabilityOur Principles
Chief Financial Officer and 
CEO - Global Business ServicesExternal 
supportSustainability Governance Structure
FLIGHT CENTRE TRAVEL GROUP11

=== Page 18 ===
Stakeholder engagement
Broad stakeholder engagement and collaboration is required to meet our sustainability ambitions. We consult with 
key stakeholders and participate on a broad range of initiatives to further industry progress. Through our materiality assessment in 2022, we undertook interviews to understand relevant sustainability trends, risks, and
 opportunities  
identified by our stakeholders. We aim to maintain an ongoing dialogue with our key stakeholder groups.
Stakeholder group Engagement
Suppliers/Partners We engage with a collection of our suppliers at each stage of procurement to ensure our standards are 
being  met, including those set out to support our sustainability strategy. Supplier engagement occurs through:
• onboarding processes;
• supplier review meetings; and
• procurement category management relationships.
Industry organisations We participate in various industry associations and working groups  that address topics including 
modern  slavery, human rights, and emissions. Participation involves attendance of regular meetings 
and ongoing online  communication. 
Employees We work with our employees and ask for their feedback at multiple levels including:
• company-wide messaging via CEO or executive members;
• sustainability taskforce meetings and updates;
• intranet updates; and
• employee engagement survey.
Investors We engage with investors at our Annual General Meeting  (AGM), as  well as through full year and half year 
results  communications and other meetings throughout the year. Investors can also access our Investor  
Centre on  the website. 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202314

=== Page 19 ===
Sustainability scorecard
Target Baseline 
yearBaseline data FY23 data Status Page 
ref.
Our people
Global employee engagement 
score of 80%4 2024 76% N/A No data available for FY23, on track to meet target. 27
Increase of 10% year-on-year for monetary donations to registered charities2022 $155,300 AUD 
(Australia only)$238,000 AUD (Australia only)53% increase in financial year 2023 for Australian year-on-year monetary donations to registered charities when compared with financial year 2022. On track to meet target31
Our planet
Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 46.2% by 2030 and achieve net zero by 20502019 73,860 tCO2-e 31,878 tCO2-e Overall GHG emissions have decreased by 43% in comparison to 
our FY19 baseline. This is comprised of 57% reduction in emissions in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 40% reduction in partial scope 3 emissions (footnotes). The reduction in our emissions comes from fast-tracking our leisure business transformation, which involved deploying a new growth strategy, built around new and emerging channels, thereby decreasing our traditional reliance on the shop network. During the pandemic, FLT significantly reduced our shop and people networks while also reducing spending on purchased goods. At the end of FY23; FLT operated from 700 locations globally, down from 1600 pre-pandemic. 
We are reviewing our targets and are working to understand 
emission intensities to accommodate for the difference in  business activity over the four years since FY19. Although FLT does not expect to return to its traditional reliance on a shop network,  this understanding will enable us to see our relative progress towards emissions reduction, irrespective of the changes to our business model. Following the completion of this work, FLT will  re-consider its targets and optimise its pathway to ensure they remain aligned to science and are ambitious enough to drive  the business toward net zero.
Being a long-term goal, our 2050 net zero target considers a 
grid-wide and sector-wide decarbonisation pathway based on current rates. In alignment with the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and their commitment to “Fly Net Zero by 2050”, this commitment requires that our supplier meet their emission reduction obligations over this time period.50-52
Reduce absolute scope 3
5 GHG 
emissions 27.5% by 2030 and achieve net zero
 by 20502019 302,102 tCO2-e 181,919 tCO2-e
Purchasing renewable electricity equivalent to 100 percent of
 our power needs 
across our  countries globally 
from  2028  onwards.2023 4% 4% We will continue to transition our operations across our regions, with
 the goal being to purchase our power needs through 
renewable electricity sources equivalent to 100 percent of our  power needs across our countries globally from 2028 onwards. On
 track to meet target.51
We are in the process of establishing internal data and reporting systems that will support us to 
report against additional sustainability targets. Over the coming years, we will build capability across the business to ensure our sustainability progress can be accurately shared with our stakeholders. This
 will include additional disclosure across the below targets:
Our partners
Maturing our governance framework 
to engage with our partners through 
the completion of  the third-party 
risk management  framework 
and associated policies, 
including  supplier code of conduct, 
contract management policy and 
business continuity management policy.Our customers
Customers across all brands 
and platforms have  access to 
tips on how to  become a   
responsible  traveller  by FY26.Our principles
Achieve Platinum EcoVadis score  by 2030 
(EcoVadis is a globally recognised 
assessment platform that rates 
businesses’ sustainability based on four 
key categories: environmental impact, 
labour and  human rights  standards, 
ethics, and procurement practices).
4 This is in reference to the Great Place to Work® Trust Index © Survey and the results pertaining to the average of all statements.  
5 Excluding scope 3 category 11 (use of sold product).
FLIGHT CENTRE TRAVEL GROUP15