=== Table 1 (page 19) ===
Target,Baseline,Baseline data,FY23 data,Status,Page
,year,,,,ref.
Our people,,,,,
Global employee engagement,2024,76%,N/A,"No data available for FY23, on track to meet target.",27
score of 80%4,,,,,
Increase of 10% year-on-year,2022,"$155,300 AUD","$238,000 AUD",53% increase in financial year 2023 for Australian year-on-year,31
for monetary donations to,,(Australia only),(Australia only),monetary donations to registered charities when compared with,
registered charities,,,,financial year 2022. On track to meet target,
Our planet,,,,,
Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2,2019,"73,860 tCO2-e","31,878 tCO2-e",Overall GHG emissions have decreased by 43% in comparison to,50-
GHG emissions 46.2% by 2030,,,,our FY19 baseline. This is comprised of 57% reduction in emissions in,52
and achieve net zero by 2050,,,,scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 40% reduction in partial scope,
,,,,3 emissions (footnotes). The reduction in our emissions comes from,
,,,,"fast-tracking our leisure business transformation, which involved",
Reduce absolute scope 35 GHG,2019,"302,102 tCO2-e","181,919 tCO2-e",,
,,,,"deploying a new growth strategy, built around new and emerging",
emissions 27.5% by 2030 and,,,,,
,,,,"channels, thereby decreasing our traditional reliance on the shop",
achieve net zero by 2050,,,,,
,,,,"network. During the pandemic, FLT significantly reduced our shop",
,,,,and people networks while also reducing spending on purchased,
,,,,"goods. At the end of FY23; FLT operated from 700 locations globally,",
,,,,down from 1600 pre-pandemic.,
,,,,We are reviewing our targets and are working to understand,
,,,,emission intensities to accommodate for the difference in,
,,,,business activity over the four years since FY19. Although FLT does,
,,,,"not expect to return to its traditional reliance on a shop network,",
,,,,this understanding will enable us to see our relative progress,
,,,,"towards emissions reduction, irrespective of the changes to our",
,,,,"business model. Following the completion of this work, FLT will",
,,,,re-consider its targets and optimise its pathway to ensure they,
,,,,remain aligned to science and are ambitious enough to drive,
,,,,the business toward net zero.,
,,,,"Being a long-term goal, our 2050 net zero target considers a",
,,,,grid-wide and sector-wide decarbonisation pathway based on,
,,,,current rates. In alignment with the International Air Transport,
,,,,"Association (IATA) and their commitment to “Fly Net Zero by 2050”,",
,,,,this commitment requires that our supplier meet their emission,
,,,,reduction obligations over this time period.,
Purchasing renewable,2023,4%,4%,"We will continue to transition our operations across our regions,",51
electricity equivalent to 100,,,,with the goal being to purchase our power needs through,
percent of our power needs,,,,renewable electricity sources equivalent to 100 percent of our,
across our countries globally,,,,power needs across our countries globally from 2028 onwards.,
from 2028 onwards.,,,,On track to meet target.,

=== Table 2 (page 50) ===
,,countries globally from 2028 onwards.
,,Current: 4%.
PRIORITIES,,
,,
1,Net zero targets,"Near-term target: reduction of  
46.2%"
,,46.2% from FY19 baseline across
,,scopes 1 & 2  emissions.
,,
2,Carbon offset investment,Current : 57% decrease.
3,Inﬂuencing sustainable,
,,
,behaviour across our,"Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG 
27.5%"
,value chain.,
,,emissions 27.5% from FY19 baseline by
,,2030 and achieve net zero by 2050.

=== Table 3 (page 51) ===
,,•  Overall GHG emissions have decreased by 43% in comparison to our FY19 baseline.
Net zero targets,,
,,This is comprised of 57% reduction in emissions in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a
,,40% reduction in partial scope 3 emissions (footnotes). The reduction in our emissions
,,"comes from fast-tracking our leisure business transformation, which involved deploying"
,,"a new growth strategy, built around new and emerging channels, thereby decreasing our"
,,"traditional reliance on the shop network. During the pandemic, FLT significantly reduced our"
,,shop and people networks while also reducing spending on purchased goods. At the end of
,,"FY23; FLT operated from 700 locations globally, down from 1600 pre-pandemic."
,,We are reviewing our targets and are working to understand emission intensities to
,,accommodate for the difference in business activity over the four years since FY19.
,,"Although FLT does not expect to return to its traditional reliance on a shop network,"
,,"this understanding will enable us to see our relative progress towards emissions reduction,"
,,"irrespective of the changes to our business model. Following the completion of this work,"
,,FLT will re-consider its targets and optimise its pathway to ensure they remain aligned to
,,science and are ambitious enough to drive the business toward net zero.
,,"Being a long-term goal, our 2050 net zero target considers a grid-wide and sector-wide"
,,decarbonisation pathway based on current rates. In alignment with the International Air
,,"Transport Association (IATA) and their commitment to “Fly Net Zero by 2050”, this commitment"
,,requires that our supplier meet their emission reduction obligations over this time period.10
,,•  We have moved to 94% renewable electricity in the UK and in FY24 are putting a plan in
,,place to transition Australia to renewable electricity as contracts come up for renewal.
,,•  Our ongoing sustainability partnership with Trees4Travel and their Trees4Events tool has
Carbon offset investment,,
,,allowed us to make climate contributions for some of the carbon emissions associated with
,,"our 2022 and 2023 global gathering. By the end of FY23, we had funded the planting of almost"
,,"65,000 trees in Jodhipur as part of the Nepal reforestation project."
,•,"Through our global gathering 2023, we were able to build a Community Hub in the village"
Influencing sustainable,,
,,of Manggis within the Kaura Bali immersive retreat. Refer to page 57.
behaviour across our value chain,,

=== Table 4 (page 52) ===
48,SUSTAI NA BILITY REPORT 2023
Our journey to net zero,
While the global transition towards a net zero future is a signiﬁcant challenge for the travel,
"and tourism industry, we are focused on being part of the solution. With tourism accounting for",
"eight percent of annual global carbon emissions, of which approximately two percent comes from",
,"air travel11, we understand the importance of making lower carbon travel a reality. We’re committed"
to collaborating with the broader industry to identify solutions that will help make this possible,
while taking steps to address our own carbon footprint.,
Our approach,
"Our goal is to reach net zero by 2050. To work towards this, we are taking a multi-pronged approach that is built on",
,"the ongoing measurement of our carbon footprint, engaging with our partners and supporting our customers to make"
,"lower-impact travel decisions. Our strategy is anchored in the prioritisation of reducing our emissions, supplemented by"
the utilisation of verified carbon offset programs in scenarios where immediate reduction is not feasible or is delayed.,
The attainment of net zero involves the active implementation of methods to reduce emissions by 90% from a set,
"baseline (outlined in the Science based target initiative (SBTi) methodology). In contrast, carbon neutrality can be",
"achieved through carbon offsets. As our ultimate objective is carbon reduction, we have chosen not to participate in",
"a carbon neutral certification program, nor do we intend to offset 100% of our emissions. Our focus remains firmly on",
reducing our carbon footprint.,
,"Being a long-term goal, our 2050 net zero target considers a grid-wide and sector-wide decarbonisation pathway based"
,on current rates. In alignment with the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and their commitment to “Fly Net Zero
"by 2050”, this commitment requires that our suppliers meet their emission reduction obligations over this time period.",
,"In 2022, we completed our first emissions footprint (scope 1, 2 and 3), choosing FY19 as the baseline year. FY19 provided"
,"the most appropriate and complete dataset based on usual operating levels, as opposed to FY20 and FY21 which were"
,"irregular due to COVID-19. In FY23, we updated our footprint again to help us better understand our impact and identify"
how our footprint has changed over time.,
"Using our FY19 baseline, we engaged external consultancy firm, Edge Impact, to help us update our footprint and set",
"targets aligned to science12, being:",
•  Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 46.2% by 2030 and achieve net zero by 2050 from a 2019 base year.,
•  Reduce absolute scope 313 GHG emissions 27.5% by 2030 and achieve net zero by 2050 from a 2019 base year.,
"Through this process, we have developed a decarbonisation pathway that sets out key milestones for our journey to",
"reach net zero by 2050. We acknowledge that this is a large undertaking and, to set ourselves up for success, we are",
,working to ensure we have the right policy and framework in place and we are developing tools and systems to improve
our emissions reporting.,
"Alongside our decarbonisation journey, we are continuing to build our understanding of climate-related risks and",
,opportunities across the business. Please see the our principles section of this report to understand how FLT manages
climate-related financial disclosure and plans to respond to the draft reporting standards defined by both the,
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).,
11 World Travel & Tourism Council 2021: A Net Zero Roadmap for Travel & Tourism & www.iea.org/energy-system/transport/aviation,
"12 Aligned to science refers to aligning emissions reduction to 1.5-degree scenario for scope 1 and 2, and a well-below 2-degree scenario for scope 3.",
13 Excluding category 11 emissions (use of sold products).,

=== Table 5 (page 53) ===
,"Milestone 3
Milestone 4"
Carbon Offset,Our net zero plan involves offsetting part of our business travel program from 2020 onwards including flights and
Strategy,accommodation and then the scope 1 and 2 emissions from our operations from 2026 onwards.
,The offsetting projects are being developed and will cover a diverse portfolio with a focus on nature-based projects.
,"Our strategy is anchored in the prioritisation of reducing our emissions, supplemented by the utilisation of verified carbon"
,offset programs in scenarios where immediate reduction is not feasible. Carbon offsetting is only an interim measure;
,our overall goal is carbon reduction.
GHG Emissions,category 4 – upstream transport and distribution of sold products (immaterial);
Exclusions,category 8 – upstream leased assets (included within our scope 2);
,category 9 – transport and distribution of sold products (immaterial);
,category 10 – processing of sold products (immaterial);
,"category 11 -  this category is not included in our reduction target, refer to reasons below. We will still include strategies"
,for our customers to reduce the emissions from travel we sell;
,category 12 – end of life treatment of sold products (immaterial); and
,category 13 – downstream leased assets (included within our scope 2).
Assumptions,Assumptions were made to calculate our carbon footprint from FY19 where clear data was not available.
,The environmental management system being created will alleviate the need for some assumptions within
,our footprint from FY26 onwards.
Dependencies,"Being a long term goal, our 2050 net zero target considers a grid-wide and sector-wide decarbonisation pathway"
,based on current rates. Our 2050 commitment requires our suppliers meet their own emissions reduction obligations
,over this time period.

=== Table 6 (page 54) ===
50,SUSTAI NA BILITY REPORT 2023
Our FY23 carbon footprint,
FLT’s most signiﬁcant sources of GHG emissions include scope 1 (combustion of fuel and,
"refrigerant leakage), scope 2 (purchased electricity) and scope 3 (category 1 – purchased goods",
and services). Scope 3 (category 11 – use of sold products) is measured by FLT but this category of,
"emissions is not included in our reduction targets. As mentioned on page 49, category 11 poses a",
,"signiﬁcant challenge for the travel industry, because there is no current carbon accounting consensus"
on the estimation and inclusion of these emissions as a direct or indirect source for travel agencies.,
FLT has followed the below methodology when calculating its emissions.,
Methodology,
FLT’s carbon footprint has been prepared in line with international best practice: the Greenhouse Gas (GHG),
Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (scope 3),
"Accounting and Reporting Standard. In addition to observing these standards, we also engaged leading climate",
consultancy Edge Impact who facilitated the calculation of our Co2 emissions by multiplying our activity data,
"by an emission factor, determined by reference to a proprietary emissions hierarchy also developed by Edge Impact.",
We have relied upon Edge Impact’s leading expertise in this area to identify the correct emission factor appropriate for,
our activity data and have not otherwise sought to have the calculations further verified. This reliance has obviously been,
critical as it has informed the statements that we have made in this report in relation to our carbon footprint.,
"Scope 1 – Where activity data was available emissions were calculated on this basis. Where not available,",
"estimations were made. For company vehicles this was done by an estimated distance travelled and fuel efficiency,",
and for refrigerants we have used an average refrigerant composition and leakage rate.,
Scope 2 – Calculations were made where metered energy consumption billing data was available. Where metered,
data was not available we have estimated energy consumption data based on energy intensity per square footage,
standards outlined in the GHG Protocol.,
Scope 3 – We have measured all relevant categories of emissions. To understand our scope 3 emissions please refer,
to page 52 for more information. We have measured these emissions using the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain,
(scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard and the Australian regulatory emissions factors. Where necessary,
spend-based emission factors were sourced from Exiobase 3 and adjusted for 2023 inflation rates.,
"We have calculated our FY23 carbon footprint (as well as our baseline) in line with GHG Protocol, adopting the",
operational control method. All entities where we have operational control are included. Any acquisitions or mergers,
"where we obtain operational control will be included in the scope of our reporting. Equally, any disposals are removed",
at point of sale. There are no differences in how we apply this approach across the material topics covered in this report.,
"This year, we have seen our overall GHG emissions decrease by 43% to our FY19 baseline. This is comprised of:",
•  a 57% decrease in scope 1 and 2 emissions; and,
•  a 40%14 decrease in scope 3 emissions.,
"The reduction in our emissions comes from fast-tracking our leisure business transformation, which involved deploying",
"a new growth strategy, built around new and emerging channels, thereby decreasing our traditional reliance on the shop",
"network. During the pandemic, FLT significantly reduced our shop and people networks while also reducing spending on",
"purchased goods. At the end of FY23; FLT operated from 700 locations globally, down from 1600 pre-pandemic.",
We are reviewing our targets and are working to understand emission intensities to accommodate for the difference,
in business activity over the four years since FY19. Although FLT does not expect to return to its traditional reliance on,
"a shop network, this understanding will enable us to see our relative progress towards emissions reduction, irrespective",
"of the changes to our business model. Following the completion of this work, FLT will re-consider its targets and optimise",
its pathway to ensure they remain aligned to science and are ambitious enough to drive the business toward net zero.,
14 Excluding category 11 emissions (use of sold product).,

=== Table 7 (page 55) ===
Graph 1. FY19 and FY23 FLT carbon footprint (excluding scope 3 category 11) (‘000 tCO2e emissions)15,,,,,,,
350,,,,,,,
,,,,,302.1,,
300,,,,,,,
250,,,,,,,
200,,,,,,181.9,
150,,,,,,,
100,,,,,,,
,52.5,,,,,,FY19
50,,,,,,,
,,22.6,21.3,,,,
,,,,9.3,,,
,,,,,,,FY23

=== Table 8 (page 56) ===
"of tour services, followed by spend on software, digital, insurance and consultant fees.",
,Graph 2. FY23 FLT scope 3 emissions by category (excluding category 11) (‘000 tCO2e emissions)
category 7,category 14
employee commuting,franchises
15.5/8.5%,3.0/1.6%
category 6,category 15
business travel,investments
14.1/7.8%,0.5/0.3%
category 5,
waste generated in operations,
0.6/0.3%,
category 3,
fuel & energy related emissions,
6.6/3.6%,category 1
,purchased goods & services
category 2,119.1/65.5%
capital goods,
22.5/12.4%,

=== Table 9 (page 56) ===
,Graph 3. FY19 and FY23 FLT scope 3 category 11 (‘000 tCO2e emissions),,,
25000,,,,
,,,"19,748.9",
20000,,,"18,687.3",
15000,,,,
,,,,
10000,,,,FY19
5000,,,,
,302.1,181.9,,FY23
0,,,,

=== Table 10 (page 58) ===
54,SUSTAI NA BILITY REPORT 2023
Carbon offset investment,
,"While carbon reduction remains the end goal, we are investing in carbon offsets as part of our journey"
"towards lower carbon travel. Through our programs and partnerships, we aim to support responsible",
nature-based solutions. Our goal is to seek high quality carbon offset programs that support both,
biodiversity and social enterprise.,
Our approach,
"Since 2020, we have been offsetting for some of FLT’s business travel emissions and we have committed to offset",
"scope 1 and 2 emissions from 2026 onwards. Our strategy is anchored in the prioritisation of reducing our emissions,",
but supplemented by the utilisation of verified carbon offset programs in scenarios where immediate reduction is not,
feasible or is delayed.,
"Although not a priority, when carbon offsets are required, our GSO conducts thorough due diligence on all our partners",
,to ensure these projects are verified and drive measurable impact on emissions reduction. For our customers we provide
several tree planting and reforestation projects.,
Flight Centre forest,
"We have partnered with Trees4Travel to create our very own ‘Flight Centre forest’, which is located in Nepal and",
"managed by Eden Reforestation Projects. Through this partnership, we give our Corporate Traveller and FCBT business",
customers the opportunity to make climate contributions to purchase trees and offset their corporate travel emissions.,
"Situated along the Babai River in western Nepal, the reforestation site surrounds a national park which is home to",
"spectacular wildlife, including wild elephants, the one-horned rhinoceros and Bengal tigers. By employing local villagers",
"and planting native trees, this project is helping to restore the environment while also bringing economic benefits to",
local communities.,
"Reforestation is an important solution to help reverse climate change, but trees can be fragile and take time to grow.",
,"To ensure emissions are removed as quickly as possible, Trees4Travel also assigns each tree with a share of an investment"
into a United Nations Certified Emissions Reduction (CER) renewable energy program. While carbon credits have received,
"criticism due to concerns that emissions reductions can be overstated, by simultaneously investing in renewable energy",
"projects and growing trees in our Flight Centre forest, we are taking a dual approach to ensure these emissions are",
compensated for.,
Our ongoing sustainability partnership with Trees4Travel and their Trees4Events tool has allowed us to make climate,
"contributions for the carbon emissions associated with our 2022 and 2023 global gathering. By the end of FY23,",
"we had funded the planting of almost 65,000 trees in Jodhipur as part of the Nepal reforestation project.",

=== Table 11 (page 67) ===
Governance,
IFRS S2 Objective,FLT Disclosure
The objective of climate-related financial,"•  Ultimate responsibility for overseeing and managing risks, including those related to"
disclosures on governance is to enable,"climate change, rests with the Board of Directors (Board). The Board is supported by the"
users of general purpose financial reports,"Audit and Risk Committee (ARC), as well as the taskforce and sustainability taskforce (STF)"
"to understand the governance processes,",at a management level.
controls and procedures an entity uses to,
,"•  A Global Sustainability Officer was appointed in 2021, to oversee the implementation of the"
"monitor, manage and oversee climate-",
,sustainability strategy.
related risks and opportunities.”,
,"• 
Sustainability-related matters are communicated to the Board monthly (via Global Expert"
,Team Board Report) and material matters discussed as required. The Board meets monthly
,"throughout the year, while the Board committees meet at least three times annually."
,"FLT’s overall strategic direction is addressed in these meetings, including defining the company 
•"
,"purpose, setting strategic objectives, and approving operating budgets. The ARC is responsible"
,"for oversight of our risk management strategy, policy, procedures, tolerance, and controls,"
,which will include climate change among other risks and opportunities.
,"•  Additionally, the Board and STF are involved in the process of setting metrics and targets"
,"related to climate risk management, including the development of science-based emission"
,"reduction targets for scope 1, 2 and 3 alongside an emission reduction roadmap to 2050."
,"• 
The Board is responsible for setting and approving the risk management policy and setting"
,the tone for risk management across FLT.
,"• 
Executives and senior management are responsible for applying risk management policy"
,"and practices across their respective areas. In practice, this includes ensuring accountability"
,and transparency of risk management.
,"• 
The ARC is responsible for reporting to the Board on the effectiveness of FLT’s risk, control,"
,and compliance framework.
,"• 
For more information on FLT’s governance structure, policy and process found on our website."

=== Table 12 (page 69) ===
"approach towards reporting against both standards is outlined below. At the time of publication, FLT had completed",,
several FY24 milestone activities.,,
FY24,FY25,FY26+
Conducted ISSB and AASB ASRS 1,Climate-related risks and opportunities,FY26 sustainability report and annual report
and ASRS 2 gap analysis.,assessment (physical and transition).,compliant with AASB ASRS 1 and ASRS 2 and
,,aligned to ISSB IFRS 2 (including external
,,assurance on scope 1 and 2 emissions).
Published FY23 climate-related disclosures,Reflect outcomes of risk assessment in,Commence quantitative financial analysis
(within the sustainability report).,"governance documents, related policies,",on climate-related risks and opportunities.
,and risk management.,
Completed FY23 carbon footprint,Climate scenario analysis (including at,
"and established scope 1, 2 and 3","least two climate scenarios, with one",
science-aligned targets.,aligned to 1.5 degrees).,
,Integration of climate risk and,
,scenario analysis into business,
,"strategy, decision-making and risk",
,management process.,
,Develop climate transition plan.,

=== Table 13 (page 77) ===
GRI 300 Environmental Standard Series,,,
GRI Standard,2023 Disclosure,2023 Disclosure reference,Page number(s) / URL
Emissions,,,
GRI 3: Material,3-3 Management of,Our journey to net zero,SR Pg. 48 Our journey to net zero
Topics 2021,material topics,,
GRI 305: Emissions,305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG,"22,554 tCO2e",SR Pg. 48 Our journey to net zero
2016,emissions,,
,305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2),"9,324 tCO2e",SR Pg. 48 Our journey to net zero
,GHG emissions,,
,305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3),"181,919 tCO2e (excluding category 11: use of",SR Pg. 48 Our journey to net zero
,GHG emissions,sold products),