=== Page 62 ===
FORTESCUE  FY25 ANNUAL REPORT    |    59
climA te chANge 
reportoverview oper AtiNg ANd  
FiNANciAl reviewore reserves ANd  
miNer Al resourcesdirectors’ report   
|  remuNer AtioN 
report FiNANciAl report
Corporate  
governanCe corpor Ate  
directorycorpor Ate  
goverNANce
stAtemeNtour Appro Ach  
to sust AiNAbilitypreFA ce
Fy25 climA te-rel Ated 
disclosures
This report has been prepared for 
Fortescue’s stakeholders and details 
our progress in managing climate-
related matters, including risks and 
opportunities. 
It is aligned with the recommendations 
of the Taskforce on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which 
has guided our voluntary climate-
related reporting since FY18.
During FY25, the Australian 
Treasury amended legislation to 
enact new policy for climate change 
reporting. Under this new regime, 
the measurement and disclosure of 
climate-related financial information 
is guided by Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) AASB S2 
Climate-related disclosures (AASB S2) 
issued by the Australian Accounting 
Standards Board (AASB). AASB S2 has 
its genesis in TCFD recommendations.
While we continue to report voluntarily 
under the TCFD framework, we are 
preparing our business for ASRS 
compliance. This report contains many 
elements of additional disclosures 
that will be mandatory under AASB S2 
from FY26.
With the exception of greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, this report has been 
prepared for the same consolidated reporting entity and reporting period 
as the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statement and has incorporated 
climate-related information of the 
parent company and all of its global 
subsidiaries. GHG emissions are 
calculated based on an operational 
control approach using the GHG 
Protocol corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard. For further 
information on this approach and 
our organisational boundary for GHG 
emissions, please refer to our FY25 
Emissions Calculation Methodology 
located on our website fortescue.com.
All references to our, we, us, the Group, 
the Company and Fortescue refer to 
Fortescue Ltd (ABN 57 002 594 872) 
and its subsidiaries. All references to  
a year are to the financial year ended 
30 June 2025 unless otherwise stated.
This report has been approved for 
release by Fortescue’s Board of 
Directors.
vAlue chAiN estimA tioN
The value chain information and 
related disclosures in this report are 
based on available data, third-party 
sources, and management’s best 
estimates at the time of preparation. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions are typically 
estimated using average emission 
factors. The reliability of the estimates 
depends on the quality of input data 
and how well average emission factors reflect actual conditions.  For example, 
Fortescue estimates business travel 
emissions by applying an average 
emissions factor per passenger 
kilometre, adjusted by flight class 
(e.g. Economy, Business). These 
methods reflect common practice but 
involve inherent uncertainty due to 
generalised assumptions.
We are committed to continual 
improvement of our climate related 
disclosures and have already invested 
in improved data collection and 
reporting systems as well as continual 
maturation of our scenario analysis 
and risk identification, assessment 
and treatment. Our expectation is 
that as the climate-related disclosure 
ecosystem matures we, along 
with others will refine and improve 
assumptions and estimations  to 
provide decision useful information.
Assur ANce
FY25 GHG emissions data were 
subject to external assurance by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers.  This 
included reasonable assurance for 
Group Scope 1, Scope 2 location-
based and Scope 2 market-based, and 
limited assurance for Scope 3. 
Feedb AcK
We value all feedback. Please send 
any comments on this report or 
requests for additional information to 
sustainability@fortescue.com.
reAl Zero tArget
At Fortescue, we are putting Real Zero into action through our Real Zero Target. Our Real Zero Target is an 
emissions reduction target that aims to eliminate Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our Australian terrestrial iron ore 
operations by the end of 2030. This target addresses the vast majority of the business’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
and only relies on offsets where we are required by law to purchase them. Along side our Real Zero Target, we 
have three other emissions reduction targets. All targets are further defined in the Target Definitions section.

=== Page 68 ===
FORTESCUE  FY25 ANNUAL REPORT    |    65
climA te chANge 
reportoverview oper AtiNg ANd  
FiNANciAl reviewore reserves ANd  
miNer Al resourcesdirectors’ report   
|  remuNer AtioN 
report FiNANciAl report
Corporate  
governanCe corpor Ate  
directorycorpor Ate  
goverNANce
stAtemeNtour Appro Ach  
to sust AiNAbilityEffects of identified risks on our business model continued
of technology and energy solutions with market uptake, and anticipating emerging and developing regulatory 
requirements. 
We continuously navigate market and technological changes and adapt to evolving regulatory landscapes to maintain 
a competitive edge and respond to enhanced sustainability requirements. As countries increasingly contend with 
accelerating climate impacts, there is an elevated risk of sudden social and policy changes that could disrupt planning 
horizons and market conditions (also referred to social tipping points). By continuing to innovate and build resilience into 
our strategies, we minimise our risks and capitalise on opportunities. 
We have identified three transition risks. 
The first relates to not meeting our emissions reduction targets across medium to long-term time horizons. This risk 
poses significant reputational implications, with potential impacts on stakeholder confidence and investor trust. 
Refer to Target Definitions for details on what is covered by our emissions reduction targets.
emissioNs reductioN t Argets Key mANA gemeNt A ctioNs
Real Zero T arget 
Achieving this target depends on overcoming regulatory, 
technological, and operational challenges, including 
securing land access and timely approvals for renewable 
energy generation and grid infrastructure; ensuring the 
availability and economic viability of zero emissions 
technologies; and managing long-term development and 
integration timelines. This transition also requires access 
to specialised technical expertise and skills in electrified 
mining practices and renewable energy systems.
Shipping T arget
This target addresses those Scope 1 and 3 emissions 
arising from our shipping operations. Our success in 
meeting this target hinges on the techno-economic 
feasibility of converting vessels to run on green ammonia, 
the establishment of regulatory frameworks permitting 
ammonia bunkering and onboard handling, and the 
availability and affordability of green ammonia fuel. 
Steelmaking T arget
Steelmaking represents our primary source of Scope 3 
emissions. Achieving this target depends on external 
factors such as the adoption rate of low-carbon 
technologies (e.g. Direct Reduced Iron) by our steel mill 
customers. 
The challenges associated with Scope 3 emissions 
reduction have been highlighted by the Science Based 
T argets initiative (SBTi), with new global standards 
expected in FY25-26 that may  influence corporate 
target-setting and reporting globally.Integrating zero emissions technologies into established 
operations requires the replacement or evolution of legacy 
systems and developing new operating models, working 
with leading technology providers to manage performance 
and integration risks. We monitor development and 
delivery timelines for zero emissions technologies, and 
test them under controlled conditions before wider 
deployment. We prioritise suppliers who can demonstrate 
delivery capability aligned to our target. Early engagement 
with Government and First Nations peoples supports 
regulatory and cultural heritage approvals, with associated 
requirements integrated into project schedules. T o 
address workforce challenges, we are investing in 
internal capability through training, apprenticeships, and 
upskilling programs, guided by our Workforce Transition 
Strategy.
For shipping, we are pursuing a phased program with 
engine manufacturer MAN to retrofit the engines of our 
eight ore carriers to be dual-fuel capable, enabling the use 
of green ammonia alongside conventional fuels. We are 
also progressing demonstration projects and partnerships 
to prove the feasibility of green ammonia as a marine fuel, 
while advocating for enabling regulation and exploring 
opportunities to improve fleet efficiency, including through 
vessel selection and operating practices.
In steelmaking, our long-term vision is to reduce Scope 
3 emissions by producing green metal from our iron 
ore. This includes exploring production in Australia 
and internationally, particularly in collaboration with 
the Chinese steel industry. Recognising that most 
decarbonisation technologies focus on ultra high-grade 
ores, we are developing solutions suited to Australian ores, 
such as the Green Metal Project, which aims to produce 
its first green metal in 2026 . In the short to medium-term, 
we aim to progress reductions by preferencing customers 
pursuing lower-emission steelmaking technologies, 
and by working with steel mills and research institutes 
under formal partnerships to advance decarbonisation 
pathways.trANsitioN risK s coNtiNued

=== Page 76 ===
FORTESCUE  FY25 ANNUAL REPORT    |    73
climA te chANge 
reportoverview oper AtiNg ANd  
FiNANciAl reviewore reserves ANd  
miNer Al resourcesdirectors’ report   
|  remuNer AtioN 
report FiNANciAl report
Corporate  
governanCe corpor Ate  
directorycorpor Ate  
goverNANce
stAtemeNtour Appro Ach  
to sust AiNAbilitydec ArboNisiNg our 
vAlue chAiN
Fortescue is focused on reducing 
emissions in our value chain, by 
addressing downstream Scope 
3 emissions from iron and steel 
production and upstream Scope 3 
emissions from our supply chain.
Among our value chain Scope 3 
emissions, downstream processing 
of sold product (Category 10) 
represents more than 98  per cent 
in FY25, with the remaining two per 
cent coming from purchased goods 
and services (one per cent) and from 
shipping  (one per cent). We therefore 
prioritise customer engagement and 
investments in technology to enable 
low-emission processing of iron ore.
Emissions from the processing 
of our iron ore by our customers
During FY25 , we transported over 
198 million tonnes of iron ore to 
customers.
T o meet our Scope 3 targets of 
enabling a 7.5 per cent reduction 
in steelmaking emissions intensity 
by 2030 relative to FY21 levels, 
and net zero by 2040, Fortescue 
is collaborating with partners and 
investing in technology and R&D 
to reduce the significant carbon 
emissions that come from the 
shipping and processing of our iron 
ore.
We are conducting R&D both in-
house and in collaboration with steel 
mill businesses, global engineering 
companies and research institutions. 
We are a founding member of the 
Heavy Industry Low-carbon Transition 
Cooperative Research Centre 
(HIL T CRC). This venture brings 
together industries, researchers and 
government organisations in an effort 
to de-risk the technology pathways to decarbonise heavy industry. In 
addition to our yearly partnership 
contributions, Fortescue also engages 
further via in-kind contributions to the 
partnership's various projects.
Fortescue is currently progressing 
studies on the development of 
commercial-scale green metal 
production, both in Australia and 
abroad. Our work to convert low-grade 
hematite ore into green metal at a 
commercial scale is central to our 
efforts to reduce Scope 3 emissions. 
The Green Metal Project at Christmas 
Creek aims to demonstrate that 
Fortescue’s suite of iron ores from the 
Pilbara can be processed into green 
metal. More detail will be provided 
in our FY25 Climate Transition 
Plan scheduled for publication in 
September 2025. 
Shipping
Our commitment to address Scope 
3 emissions also includes a target 
to enable a reduction in emissions 
intensity levels from the shipping of 
our iron ore by 50 per cent, from FY21 
levels by 2030. In FY24, Fortescue 
demonstrated the use of ammonia 
for shipping on the Green Pioneer 
dual fuel vessel.  We are proactively 
engaging with the shipping industry 
to promote a transition to ammonia-
powered vessels.
Our engagement with shipping 
suppliers includes interim measures 
to identify and charter lower-emission 
vessels, targeting vessels which are 
equipped with energy-saving devices, 
optimising vessel and fleet size, using 
eco steam performing vessels, and 
optimising schedules for just-in-
time arrivals: 95 per cent of vessels 
chartered in FY25 had Rightship 
greenhouse gas ratings of A-D.Climate Transition Plan continued
Upstream emissions (our 
supply chain)
Our global tender documents include 
minimum sustainability requirements 
for our suppliers, including emissions 
criteria. We use a third-party 
screening tool to monitor adverse 
media reports relating to sustainability 
risks, including emissions and climate 
events.
This year, we updated our 
sustainability risk assessment to 
consider supplier renewable energy 
access and emissions impact by 
category to inform our contracting 
strategy. We also introduced 
decarbonisation and emissions 
considerations into Contract & 
Procurement strategy templates used 
for long-term planning.
For high-risk sourcing activities, 
our commercial strategies focus 
on supply chain transparency to 
assess and validate risk. Our award 
criteria consider sustainability, along 
with price, quality and schedule. We 
prioritise suppliers who align with 
our Values and commit to working 
collaboratively with us to deliver 
sustainability outcomes in our shared 
supply chains. We believe that genuine 
partnerships and commitment to 
shared sustainability objectives with 
our suppliers leads to opportunities 
for innovation, proactive risk 
identification and mitigation, more 
effective remediation mechanisms, 
improved supply chain resilience, and 
competitiveness in the market.