=== Page 5 ===
5
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
We are pleased to present FleetPartners FY24 
Sustainability Report, showcasing our ongoing 
commitment to environmental, social and governance 
principles. At FleetPartners, we view sustainability 
as a commitment to creating economic, social and 
environmental value for our stakeholders. This 
approach is central to our strategy, embedded within 
our values and integral to who we are. Our FY24 
Sustainability Report highlights the progress we've 
made on this journey, showcasing our dedication to 
building a sustainable future while empowering our 
people, customers and communities.
Driving Forward with ESG leadership
FY24 marked a significant milestone with the 
introduction of a key ESG Director role to drive 
sustainable ﬂ eet solutions. This role was established 
to help us deliver innovative solutions to our customers 
and business partners, supporting ﬂ eet transitions to 
cleaner emissions and renewable energy. Living our ESG priorities
These three ESG pillars - Our People, Our Community, 
Our Environment - guide our purpose of 'Empowering 
Tomorrow's Destination, TODAY!'. Our strategy 
is designed to integrate these priorities into daily 
operations and by engaging team members at all levels, 
we ensure our ESG approach is inclusive, effective and 
aligned with the needs of our stakeholders.
For our people
At FleetPartners, we strive to have a workplace that 
prioritises wellbeing, inclusivity and development. This 
year, our team members completed extensive hours of 
training and our employee engagement results were 
at the top end of the second quartile and sit above 
industry average for financial services, showcasing our 
commitment to growth and a positive work culture. 
We continue to champion gender equality, achieving 
recognition as a Workplace Gender Equality Agency 
On behalf of your Board and Executive team, it is with great pleasure that we 
present FleetPartners FY24 Sustainability Report, a testament to our unwavering 
commitment to environmental, social and governance ( ESG) principles.
Gail Pemberton, Chair   Damien Berrell, Chief Executive OfficerChair and Chief Executive  
Officer's letter

=== Page 6 ===
6
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
(WGEA) Employer of Choice1 for the third year in a row 
and have made further progress closing the gender pay 
gap. We are proud to offer ﬂ exible work arrangements 
and generous parental leave policies to support work-
life balance for all staff.
For our customers
We are dedicated to supporting our customers in their 
sustainability journeys, offering innovative solutions to 
help reduce their emissions. As sustainability becomes 
a priority for more organisations, we are seeing a shift 
in the way businesses view their operations and their 
carbon emissions footprint, driving the development of 
sustainability-linked employee benefits programmes. 
FleetPartners is attracting many of these customers by 
helping them implement the programmes and policies 
that align with a more sustainable future.
Advancing reconciliation and  
cultural understanding
We are dedicated to advancing reconciliation and 
fostering relationships with Aboriginal and Torres 
Strait Islander communities. In FY24, we successfully 
delivered on our commitments outlined in our 'Reﬂ ect' 
Reconciliation Action Plan ( RAP), which focused on 
the themes of Relationships, Respect, Opportunities 
and Governance. These actions assist in our ongoing 
commitment to increasing awareness, education and 
participation of Indigenous peoples in the financial 
services sector.
Responsible and sustainable funding
FleetPartners has continued its partnership with the 
Clean Energy Finance Corporation ( CEFC), assisting 
with access to one of Australia’s most competitive 
electric vehicle leasing solutions for small, medium  
and enterprise ﬂ eet customers to increase electric 
vehicle adoption.
In FY24, we launched a Green Bond Framework to 
issue certified Green Asset Backed Securities under 
global principles. This included a successful inaugural 
A$75 million Green Bond issuance in May 2024, 
which broaden our investor base and reinforced our 
commitment to addressing climate change through 
sustainable investment solutions.Achievements in carbon reduction
FleetPartners has maintained its Climate Active 
Carbon Neutral certification in Australia and Toitū Net 
CarbonZero certification in New Zealand, reaffirming 
our position as the first ﬂ eet management organisation 
to achieve these milestones. We remain committed 
to reducing our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and are 
focused on helping our customers and business 
partners in their transition to low-emission vehicles. 
A shared commitment to 
sustainability
We are incredibly proud of the achievements of 
FleetPartners in FY24 and are committed to continually 
evolving our sustainability strategy in response 
to emerging global standards and targets. Our 
commitment to ESG principles not only benefits our 
communities but also looks to create long-term value 
for our shareholders.
We extend our deepest gratitude to our Team, Board  
and Shareholders. Their support and collaboration 
have been the cornerstone of our sustainability journey. 
Together, we will continue to build a sustainable, 
inclusive and prosperous future - 'Empowering 
Tomorrow's Destination, TODAY!'
Gail Pemberton AO  
Chair
Damien Berrell  
Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director
1. Employer of Choice for Gender Equality 2023 - 2025 by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency

=== Page 8 ===
8
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
3. FleetPartners internal reporting as at 30 September 2024
4. Toitū Climate Impact Certification
5. FleetPartners internal reporting as at 30 September 2024
6. The Climate Active certification operational bound has been applied and covers our Australian business operations. The boundary does not incorporate  
 emissions associated with vehicles leased by our customers that are under management by FleetPartners
sustainable fleet transition client 
consultations completed in FY245
Highly commended for 
'Sustainable Journeys' -  
2023 Australasian Fleet 
Champions Awards (NZ)Achieved  
Toitū Envirocare  
Net CarbonZero  
re-certification (NZ)4
Re-certified Climate Active 
Carbon Neutral (AU)6
of all new Novated Leases are  
Electric and Plug-In Hybrids ( PHEV)353%
Achieved  ISO 27001:2013 Information 
Security Management across both 
Australian and New Zealand operations
Champions - 2024 CRM Contact 
Centre Network Awards (NZ)89

=== Page 12 ===
0 100 200 300 400 500 600 70015.14
320.31
241.53
390.91
95.79
39.77
614.95
27.81
8.40
33.84
28.31
2.86
87.24559.16
22.13Cleaning and chemicals
Electricity
Transport (Air)
Transport (Land and sea)
Food
Accommodation and facilities
ICT services and equipment
Office equipment and supplies
Professional services
Postage, couriers and freight
Refrigerants
Stationery energy (gaseous fuels)
Waste
Water
Working from homeEmissions by source (tCO2-e)18 - Australia
0 20 40 60 80 10082.50
11.04
67.11
3.20
0
0Category 1:  
Direct emissions
Category 2:  
Indirect emissions from imported energy
Category 3:  
Indirect emissions from transportation
Category 4:  
Indirect emissions associated with the 
use of products from the organisation
Category 5:  
Indirect emissions associated with the 
use of products from the organisation
Category 6:  
Indirect emissions from other sourcesEmissions by source (tCO2-e)19 - New Zealand12
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
17. Based on the FleetPartners FY23 (1 October 2022 - 30 September 2023)
18.  Calculated in conjunction with Pangolin Associates. In accordance with Climate Active, calculations exclude vehicles leased by our customers. The methods used for 
collating data, performing calculations and presenting the carbon account are in accordance with the following standards: Climate Active Standards; Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition); National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008
19.  Calculated in accordance with ISO 14064-1:2018 standards and Toitū Envirocare Programme Technical Requirements that exclude vehicles leased by our customers2,652
Our environment (tCO2-e) total carbon emissions18 and 19  
Australia and New Zealand17

=== Page 13 ===
13
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
We define our priorities as those that contribute to three ESG pillars -  
Our People, Our Community and Our Environment. Priorities and approach
Our People Our Community Our Environment
We want our people to be 
inspired, engaged, safe and 
to willingly live our purpose 
and values every day. Having 
highly passionate, capable 
and accountable teams is 
essential to delivering our 
business strategy, which in 
turn delivers the greatest 
benefits for our customers 
and communities and to  
our shareholders. A strong and thriving 
community is one in which  
all people have an 
opportunity to prosper. 
Prosperity can only start to 
be achieved if basic human 
needs, such as access to a  
hot meal, a safe place to  
live and equal opportunities 
to learn and be inquisitive,  
are accessible.The consequences of global 
temperatures rising more than 
1.5°C above pre-industrial 
levels are extreme and far-
reaching for nature, humans, 
businesses and our collective 
future. As reported by the 
United Nations Net Zero 
Global Coalition20, scientists 
agree that globally, emissions 
must be reduced by 45% 
by 2030 and reach net zero 
emissions by no later than 
2050 to keep global warming 
to no more than 1.5°C.
In FY23, our ESG Committee conducted our 
first assessment with reference to the Global 
Reporting Initiative ( GRI) standards. In doing so, 
we determined the key topics to be included in our 
ESG reporting. This determination demonstrated 
an increased maturity and rigour in our ESG 
activities and disclosures, building upon the FY22 
self-assessment with regard to how, within our 
sphere of in ﬂuence, the organisation contributed 
to the United Nations Sustainability Development 
Goals ( SDGs). In FY24, a materiality reassessment was undertaken 
and for the purpose of FY24 ESG reporting, 
FleetPartners has chosen to report with reference to:
 ›Universal Standard: GRI 2 - General Disclosures
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 201 - Economic Performance
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 305 - Emissions
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 404 - Training and Education
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 405 - Diversity and  
Equal Opportunity
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 411 - Rights of  
Indigenous People
 ›Topic Standard: GRI 413 - Local Communities
20. un.org/en/climatechange/net-zero-coalition

=== Page 17 ===
17
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
Our community
Our environment
UN SDG Disclosure/s Contributing initiatives and actions 
Ensure sustainable 
consumption and 
production patterns.12.6 Encourage companies, 
especially large and transnational 
companies, to adopt sustainable 
practices and to integrate 
sustainability information into their 
reporting cycle.Sections:
Emissions (pages 27 - 42);
Driving change from within (page 41).
 Take urgent action to 
combat climate change and 
its impacts.13.2 Integrate climate change 
measures into national policies, 
strategies and planning.Section: 
Emissions (pages 27 - 42).
13.3 Improve education, awareness-
raising and human and institutional 
capacity on climate change 
mitigation, adaptation, impact 
reduction and early warning.Sections:
Emissions (pages 27 - 42);
Launch of Sustainable Fleet Solution 
consulting services (pages 38 - 39);
Delivering sustainable customer solutions 
(page 40); 
Driving change from within (page 41).
Throughout this report, alignment with SDGs is identified using the relevant SDG icon and goal target references. 
The next formal review of our material sustainability issues will be conducted in FY25 and will assess 
organisational readiness for the integration of the Australian Accounting Standards Board AASB S2  
Climate-related Disclosures . UN SDG Disclosure/s Contributing initiatives and actions 
 Make cities and human 
settlements inclusive, safe, 
resilient and sustainable.11.1 By 2030, ensure access for all 
to adequate, safe and affordable 
housing and basic services and 
upgrade slums.Section:  
Local Communities (pages 58 - 64).
11.2 By 2030, provide access to 
safe, affordable, accessible and 
sustainable transport systems for 
all, improving road safety, notably 
by expanding public transport, 
with special attention to the needs 
of those in vulnerable situations, 
women, children, persons with 
disabilities and older persons.Section:  
Local Communities (pages 58 - 64).