=== Page 17 ===
15 
 MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD  
 
There has been no matter or circumstance that has arisen since the end of the financial period which is not otherwise 
dealt with in this report or in the financial statements that has significantly affected or may significantly affect the 
operations of the Company,  the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Company in subsequent financial 
periods.  
 
 
FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS  
 
The Company continues to targe t the below four key strategic priorities:   
  
1. Pathway to core revenue  – through development of data sheets and test cells for partners and investment in 
battery pack development .  
 
2. Additional funding and revenue streams  – through our significant Government Grants and new products such 
as lithium foils and laminates .  
 
3. Strong partnerships with offtake agreements  – once test cells are available, we will seek to evolve our end -
user partnerships into conditional offtake agreements .  
 
4. A pathway to scale  – offtake agreements and a proven manufacturing processes will allow us to develop 
options for the next scale of commercial facility and open a range of licensing and funding models.   
  
We believe that these four priorities will position us for long -term sustainable growth and the creation of shareholder 
value.  
 
 
OPTIONS AND UNISSUED SHARES  
 
As at the date of this report, there are:  
 
• 1,606,795  outstanding Service Rights granted under the NED Equity Plan ; 
• 1,200,000 outstanding Service Rights under the Executive Rights Plan; and  
• 3,360,640  outstanding Performance Rights under the Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP).  
 
See the Remuneration Report below for further information.  
 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  (unaudited)  
 
The operations of the Company  are not subject to any particular and significant environmental regulation under a law of 
the Commonwealth or any State or Territory.  
 
The Company  will shortly finalise  and release  its latest Sustainability  Report,  which  continues the efforts initiated since 
the Company's listing in 2021. The Company regularly reviews and updates its approach to environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) issues. A primary focus of its ESG strategy is the development of battery technology intended to 
contribute to the global goal of achieving net zero emissions.  
 
We continue to monitor the thresholds for mandatory reporting requirements.  At this stage, the  Sustainability Report is 
not prepared in accordance with the relevant Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) issued by the 
Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and will not be audited . 
 
  For personal use only