=== Page 17 ===
Key strategic operations initiatives delivered in FY24 include:
 ■Labor efficiency projects and lean savings initiatives at manufacturing sites:  of over $1 million 
per annum delivered through automation projects and labour reduction initiatives.
 ■Input cost reduction initiatives:  of over $6.6 million in FY24 compared to prior year due to 
negotiated and realized reductions in global freight costs and core input materials.
 ■Upstream procurement improvement projects: delivered to reduce costs, decrease working capital, and 
improve lead times and speed to market for third-party finished goods, raw materials, and component parts.
 ■Reduced manufacturing lead times:  for GALE manufactured goods by 7% or 3 days leading to 
improved working capital efficiency and greater demand flexibility.
 ■Global inventory reduction: of a further $4.1 million or 10% in FY24 following a $27.1 million or 34% 
reduction in FY23 due to improved forecast accuracy, lower manufacturing and procurement lead 
times, and operational efficiency initiatives.
 ■Outsourced custom roller shade production:  transition completed in FY24 for annual savings of 
over $1 million while more than doubling production capacity for growth.
 ■Installed 27,000 sq ft of solar panels at our Ningbo facility:  supporting our commitment to reducing 
carbon emissions, with these panels expected to produce over 580,000 kWh over 30 years.
BANKING, DEBT FACILITIES & TREASURY MANAGEMENT
Our finance team secured long-term debt financing and group-wide global treasury management 
services from HSBC Bank in March with significant benefits, including:
 ■Increased global borrowing capacity:  to $85.0 million, up from $60.0 million previously with debt 
facilities in the United States, Australia & China to service our global business.
 ■Streamlined, asset-based structure: enables the Company to reduce total borrowing costs while 
providing the capacity for increased investments to help fuel our growth strategy.
 ■Reduction in total global debt:  as cash is more efficiently utilized across and in regions; evidence 
of this is the material reduction in group net debt at the close of FY24.
 ■Automation and efficiency benefits:  when coupled with the new D365 ERP, it includes automated 
accounts payable, cash application, and account reconciliation, as well as increased security and accuracy.
 ■Global banking scalability: More efficient facility structure enables seamless access to capital via 
borrowing capacity expansion as the Company grows.
|   2024 ANNUAL REPORT |  GALE PACIFIC
17

=== Page 18 ===
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, & GOVERNANCE (ESG)
FY24 saw the founding and formation of our company’s ESG function, led by Sheryl Smith, our CFO 
and sponsored by Donna McMaster, GALE Pacific non-executive director, and delivered the following: 
 ■Established a global, internal GALE ESG team:  cross-functional, multi-disciplined, multi-level, and 
diverse; focused on developing, communicating, and executing our ESG strategy.
 ■Authored the Company’s first ESG policy:  focused on environmental sustainability, social 
responsibility, and group-wide governance, which is summarized in this annual report and available 
online in full at galepacific.com.
 ■Partnered with a leading global ESG consulting firm:  to understand the global legal landscape 
and advise on the Company’s go-forward ESG strategy, including measures and metrics.
 ■Established Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory baseline:  for Scope 1 & 2 emissions for the group 
through FY24, which are aligned with globally recognized GHG protocols.
|   2024 ANNUAL REPORT |  GALE PACIFIC
18

=== Page 30 ===
GALE Pacific’s Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) policy reflects our core values and is 
integrated into our core capabilities, providing a framework to improve outcomes environmentally, 
socially, and with good governance. We are committed to integrating ESG principles into our strategic 
planning, business model, operations, and reporting to align with stakeholder expectations and future 
regulatory requirements globally. 
In FY24, GALE Pacific issued its ESG policy, outlining the integration of these principles into all aspects 
of business operations and decision-making processes. As a global leader in specialised textiles, 
we recognise our responsibility to positively impact the communities and environments in which we 
operate. GALE’s ESG policy encompasses the following areas:
 ■Environmental Sustainability: Minimising environmental impact, promoting resource efficiency, and 
striving for sustainability across the value chain. 
 ■Social Responsibility:  Upholding human rights, fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion, prioritising 
employee health and safety, and engaging transparently with stakeholders. 
 ■Governance:  Maintaining high standards of corporate governance, accountability, and ethical behaviour. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENT
GALE Pacific is dedicated to reducing environmental impacts through sustainability-led design and 
manufacturing. We focus on:
 ■Sustainability-led Design & Manufacturing:  Sustainability is central to our design 
process, with an emphasis on reducing environmental impacts. Our GREENGUARD 
and OEKO-TEX® certifications highlight our commitment to sustainability.  
In 2024, GALE installed 27,000 sq ft of solar panels at the Ningbo facility to reduce 
carbon emissions and conserve global energy. These panels are expected to produce 
584,700 KWh over 30 years, equating to an annual saving of 167 tons of coal.  
 ■Sustainable Materials:  We select raw materials which are PVC-free, inherently 
recyclable, and do not require complex recycling processes. 
 ■Sustainable Product Usage and Longevity:  Our products, renowned for their quality and durability, 
support sustainable outcomes, including crop protection and providing shade solutions to regulate 
temperature and comfort, leading to less product replacement and reduced environmental impact. 
12.HUS.15194  
HOHENSTEIN HTTIENVIRONMENTAL, 
SOCIAL, AND 
GOVERNANCE
Sheryl Smith Chief Financial Officer
|   2024 ANNUAL REPORT |  GALE PACIFIC
30

=== Page 31 ===
The recent transition from LPG tanks to LNG pressure regulators at our GPST facility underscores our 
commitment to safety, as well as economic, environmental, and operational advantages. The move 
has resulted in lower fuel costs, reduced emissions, and enhanced safety, ensuring compliance with 
stricter environmental and safety regulations.  
The Company established its Green House Gas (GHG) Scope 1 and Scope 2 inventory baseline in FY24. 
Our GHG inventory, aligned with the GHG Protocol and includes GALE Pacific Special Textile Ltd in 
China, GALE Pacific Ltd in Australia, GALE Pacific USA, and GALE Pacific FZE in Dubai.  The baseline for 
our Green House gas Scope 1 and Scope 2 inventory is 10,663 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
Scope Activity TypeEmissions 
(tCO2e)
Gross Scope 1  
GHG EmissionsStationary Combustion 475.64
Mobile Combustion 383.38
Fugitive Emissions 2,690.51
Total Scope 1 3,549.52
Gross Scope 2  
GHG EmissionsPurchased Electricity - 
Location Based7,113.62
Total Gross GHG Emissions 10,663.14
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
At GALE Pacific, integrity and respect are core values. We prioritize fair labour practices, and human rights 
standards as well as adhere to our Ethical Sourcing Policy, Modern Slavery Statement, Code of Conduct, and 
Diversity and Inclusion Policy. We educate employees on equal opportunity legislation, covering key areas 
such as bullying, sexual harassment, anti-discrimination, and promoting ethical conduct. 
We continue to see meaningful improvement in what matters most: our safety and people. Over 
the last four years, our GALE Safe program has significantly reduced recordable injuries. Our global 
Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) is down 27% since FY21, thanks to strong regional 
leadership, behavioural-based training, and a global injury management system to identify trends ENVIRONMENTAL, 
SOCIAL, AND 
GOVERNANCE
10.66K
Total Emissions  
(tCO2e) 7.11K
(66.71%)2.69K
(25.23%)
0.38K
(3.6%)
0.48K
(4.46%)
|   2024 ANNUAL REPORT |  GALE PACIFIC
31

=== Page 40 ===
GALE Pacific is committed to integrating ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) principles and 
activities into its annual strategic planning process, business model, operations , and reporting to align 
with its stakeholder’s expectations and future regulatory requirements in Australia and other 
jurisdictions worldwide. The Company issued its Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) policy 
across the company in FY24, outlining the Company’s commitment to integrating Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) principles into all aspects of business operations and decision -making 
processes. As a global leader in the field of specialized textiles, the Company recognizes its 
responsibility to contribute positively to the communities and environments in which it operates. 
GALE’s ESG policy encompasses the following key areas:  
• Environmental Sustainability: Minimize environmental impact, promote resource efficiency, 
and strive for sustainability across the value chain.  
• Social Responsibility: Uphold human rights, foster diversity, equity, and inclusion, prioritize 
employee health and safety, and engage with stakeholders transparently and respectfully.  
• Governance: Maintain high standards of corporate governance, accountability, and ethical 
behaviour throughout the organization.  The Company’s ESG function is led by a member of 
the executive leadership team and is sponsored by a Board Director.  
 
Additionally, the Company established its Green House Gas (GHG) Scope 1 and 2 inventory baseline in 
FY24. Through working with experts in the ESG space, our team involved in sustainability reporting 
efforts was provided GHG-related education for effective data identification and collection, ensuring 
accurate and comprehensive data.  The Company’s Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were calculated 
with estimations properly noted and is aligned with the global GHG protocol.  The GHG Protocol is a 
globally recognized framework for measuring and managing greenhouse gas emissions. Developed 
through a partnership between the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development (WBCSD), it provides comprehensive standards and guidelines for 
organizations to quantify and report their GHG emissions.   
 
DIVIDENDS 
Dividends paid to members during the financial year were as follows:  
 
 2024 
Final Dividend for the year end ed 30 June 2023   Nil 
Interim Dividend for the 6 months ended 31 Dec 2023  Nil 
 
There were no dividends recommended or declared during the half year ended 30 June 2024.  
 
SHARE BASED PAYMENTS 
 
Performance Rights  
The number of performance rights on issue at the date of this report is 10,828,000 (2023: 
20,640,000). No amount is payable on the vesting of a performance right. Each performance right 
entitles the holder to one (1) ordinary share in Gale Pacific Limited in the event that the performance 
right is exercised. Performance rights carry no rights to dividend s and no voting rights. 
In the current financial year, a total of 7,388,000 performance rights were granted to executive 
officers under the Company's Performance Rights Plan scheme for a three -year period to 30 June 
2026.  
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)
|   2024 ANNUAL REPORT |  GALE PACIFIC
40