=== Page 16 ===
Most environmental standards used by the property 
sector measure the operational phase of a property’s 
life. Existing properties have embodied carbon – 
the carbon created during their construction phase. 
This carbon can be up to 30% of a typical office 
property’s carbon emissions over its lifecycle, and that 
does not include a demolition phase. By repurposing 
and repositioning existing buildings, we conserve 
the embodied carbon. As far as carbon conservation 
is concerned our historic asset strategy of continual 
improvement is effective. 
During FY25 we officially opened our new office 
building, WS2, in Perth. WS2 is an approximately 
9,500sqm premium office building constructed from 
a combination of steel and timber situated on the 
existing carpark at Westralia Square, the first of its 
kind in the Perth CBD. This construction brings a 
step change approach to minimising embodied 
carbon across our portfolio, and importantly, in our 
built environment. The two primary areas of focus 
were to firstly replace as much concrete as possible 
with cross laminated timber. Secondly, WS2 borrows 
structural support from an existing concrete carpark 
structure beneath it and spare thermal capacity 
from an adjoining office building (all owned and 
operated by GDI). These key factors, in combination, 
have driven an effective embodied carbon reduction 
of greater than 70% compared to the construction 
of an equivalent contemporary reinforced 
concrete building. 
Based on our experiences from WS2 and our 
ongoing market assessment we believe that we 
are market leaders in Perth, in the way we are 
viewing the opportunities for lightweight steel 
and timber construction. These developments 
and reuse opportunities allows us to deliver unique 
and bespoke spaces that are attractive to tenants 
at a competitive price.
Our focus on embodied carbon hasn’t been 
to the detriment of our other activities in FY25. 
During the year we continued to enhance the 
sustainability credentials of our portfolio by 
implementing a series of energy-efficient upgrades. 
These include upgrading HVAC systems such as 
chillers, pumps, and circulation systems to more 
efficient models, installing energy strategy control 
upgrades to building management systems to 
optimise performance, investing in advanced waste management systems and progressively replacing 
outdated light fittings. These initiatives reflect our 
ongoing commitment to strengthen the long-term 
value and sustainability of our portfolio and resulted 
in following key achievements:
• Portfolio NABERS energy rating increasing 
to 5.08 stars (FY24: 4.96 stars)
• 5 Mill Street NABERS energy rating increasing 
to 5.0 stars (FY24: 4.5 stars)
• 1 Adelaide Terrace NABERS rating increasing 
to 5.5 stars (FY24: 5.0 stars)
• Westralia Square completing its inaugural 
NABERS waste rating and achieving 3.0 stars
• WS2 completing its inaugural NABERS waste 
rating and achieving 3.0 stars.
• WS2 base building being 100% covered by 
renewable energy for FY25.
In previous years we’ve separately released an ESG 
Report, reporting against the GRI Standards. As our 
focus on embodied carbon is not captured within 
the GRI Standards, and we will be adopting the 
climate-related financial disclosure regime in FY28, 
we have decided not to publish an annual standalone 
ESG report for FY25. However, annual performance 
data for each of asset under our control will be 
made available on our website on an ongoing basis. 
The type of data we will provide on our website 
is same type of data which we used for our prior 
ESG reports. Going forward the data will be the main 
source of information for our future climate-related 
financial disclosure under the new regime.
Although, we are not required to issue a Modern 
Slavery Statement, we do take our obligations to 
comply with applicable laws in relation to Modern 
Slavery seriously and have recently enhanced 
our systems to minimise the risks of modern 
slavery occurring.  
Changes include - requiring our contractors 
with suppliers, to comply with obligations in their 
contracts with us, that require them to accept 
modern slavery compliance;  and engagement 
with our property managers to ensure that they 
have adequate processes in place to mitigate the 
risks of modern slavery, in particular, with higher 
risk suppliers (including, cleaning contractors and 
security providers).Delivering on strategy
Adaptive reuse and sustainability
Blending a steady and invested approach with  
innovation and agility to lead the future of property.
 
16     |     GDI ANNUAL REPORT 2025