=== Page 31 ===
Climate Change and Energy
Genesis recognises that climate change is a pressing global issue. We are committed to
reducing our greenhouse gas emissions wherever feasible and ensuring that our
operations are resilient to a changing climate. In FY25 we developed a roadmap for
compliance against Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard S2 and we completed a
scenario analysis to qualitatively assess climate-related risks and opportunities faced by
the business.
Climate change governance is led by the Board of Directors and supported by the Risk
and Sustainability Committee which monitors and assesses the company’s strategic and
emerging risks in accordance with the Committee Charter. Committee members’ climate
competencies will be reviewed in FY26 to prepare for new directors’ duties and
upskilling will take place if necessary. Refer to the Risk Management and Business
Continuity section of the Annual Report for further detail on the Committee.
Genesis measures our greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the Australian
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Scheme, and we are required to report
scope 1 and 2 emissions annually to the regulator. In FY25 our absolute gross GHG
emissions were 176.2kt of carbon dioxide equivalent (kt CO-e), comprising of 174.7kt
CO-e scope 1, and 1.5kt CO-e location-based scope 2 emissions. GHG emissions
increased by 59% from FY24 due to accelerated growth and higher production and
output from all our operations. In FY25, initiatives to reduce emissions at Gwalia
included trials to ramp down primary ventilation during shift changeovers, adjusting
secondary ventilation based on real-time demand, and preferentially selecting lithium
bromide chillers over diesel generators at the power station.   2
2 2
Climate Risk and Scenario Analysis
In FY25 Genesis completed a scenario analysis to qualitatively assess the impact of
climate-related risks and opportunities on the business. Going forward, climate
scenarios will be a key tool for identifying emerging climate risks and understanding the
possible impacts to our strategy and assets over different time horizons. The
assessment used the International Panel on Climate Change Shared Socioeconomic
Pathway scenarios to assess the physical risks of climate change, and the International
Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook scenarios to assess transition risks and
opportunities of climate change. 
Scope 2 (location-based)
FY24: 110.6kt CO-e2174.7kt CO-e2 1.5kt CO-e2
FY24: 0.6kt CO-e2Scope 1Group GHG emissions
31

=== Page 32 ===
LASTING BENEFITS FROM EMISSIONS AVOIDANCE TECHNOLOGY AT GWALIA
2025 marked ten years since two lithium bromide absorption chillers were installed at the
Gwalia power station. The chillers scavenge heat from exhaust gas of the gas generators and
use heat exchange to cool large volumes of chilled water. The chilled water is pumped through
heat exchangers to create cooled air for delivery to the underground mine – an industry first at
the time of installation. Each chiller generates about 2 MW of cooling capacity via heat recovery,
significantly reducing hydrocarbon emissions, typically associated with conventional electricity
generation, required to power traditional compressed gas coolant processes.
This year one of the chillers needed replacement. After reviewing the merits of the available
technology, including the standard approach of using an ammonia chiller powered by site
electricity, our maintenance team once again selected the lithium bromide chiller in order to
reduce consumption of site-generated electricity, avoid generator fuel consumption, and lower
the site’s GHG emissions. Maintaining these lithium bromide chillers demonstrates how
investing in new technology can lead to lasting benefits, avoid fuel costs and reduce emissions. 
Case Study Case Study
32