=== Table 1 (page 37) ===
Targets and progress,Link between business and sustainability strategy
"Measurement, reporting, target setting, and monitoring are covered",Our annual business strategy integrates Goodman’s sustainability
"in “Quantification of impacts, risks and opportunities”, supported by",objectives from the 2030 Sustainability Strategy. These objectives are
"relevant data and definitions. We provide details on our Scope 1, Scope",consistent with our desire to generate financially attractive outcomes
"2, and operationally controlled Scope 3 emissions. As our customers",over the long term. It was established in 2019 and captures the
typically control building operations within our industrial and data centre,"sustainability priorities of our global business, and accounts for the major"
"properties, our current Scope 3 list is limited but will expand to include",priorities of our customers and long-term investment partners.
embodied carbon from development as data becomes available.,
,Our sustainability report includes consideration and discussion of
We believe that the way to measure the true sustainability of our activities,sustainability risks and opportunities of a material nature that have been
is in relation to the overall impact on the economy and planet. This is best,identified by management and the Group's approach to them – this
done through a lens of total economic output and the energy efficiency,includes climate risks and opportunities.
"of those activities. We are considering methods by which to reflect this,",

=== Table 2 (page 37) ===
"technology, legislation and market practices. The targets and initiatives",
are categorised as follows:,
Climate related:,
+,"Emission reduction within our Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected Scope 3"
,based on operational control
+,Sourcing renewable energy
+,Continuing to install PV capacity on site
+,Emission reduction in embodied carbon from development
+,Maintenance of high occupancy in the portfolio
+,Climate scenario analysis ongoing to manage hazard risks
+,Monitoring and management of the impacts on nature
,and biodiversity.
Non-climate related:,
+,Health and safety of workers
+,Sustainable sourcing through our supply chain
+,Diversity of workforce
+,Capital management practices
+,Social contributions
+,Workplace culture
+,Compliance with legislative and corporate requirements.

=== Table 3 (page 44) ===
Risk/opportunity,Description,Initiatives
Physical damage to buildings,"Hazards such as floods, heat, storms",Location selection and building specifications are considered. We continue to
,,perform analysis to consider potential losses and make modifications to the
,,portfolio as required. We also insure against a wide range of potential events.
,,"Refer to ""Business impact quantification"" section below for climate exposure"
,,"assessment, which considers medium and longer-term impacts under various"
,,"climate scenarios (including business-as-usual, medium, and strong carbon"
,,mitigation scenarios).
Building specification is too low to,"Energy, waste, water, worker comfort","In contributing to the carbon reduction ambitions of the global economy,"
meet industry sustainability standards,,"including addressing our own emission reduction plans, we have taken a"
"impacting customer, investor and",,building life cycle approach to the review of climate in most regions to see
financier demand,,where we can reduce upfront and operational carbon emissions. This life cycle
,,approach also supports our customers and investors to meet their emission
,,reduction targets.
,,We make investments in sustainability that are commercially viable and
,,technically achievable on both existing assets and new developments. Where
,,"properties are likely to be redeveloped within a foreseeable time frame, the"
,,investment is deferred until that time.
Emissions within our portfolio and,"GHG emissions (Scopes 1, 2 and 3)","Scope 1 , Scope 2 and limited component of Scope 3 (refer definition"
corporate activities are too high,,"in the ""Quantification of impacts, risks and opportunities"" section): These"
,,are items we have operational control over. We aim to make progress by
,,using a combination of methods ranging from generating and/or purchasing
,,"renewable energy, energy efficiency measures, behavioural change and"
,,consider purchasing offsets when appropriate.
,,Remaining Scope 3 items (excluded from the items above): Emissions
For personal use only,,predominantly outside of our operational control. We do not have an exclusion
,,policy in respect of customer emissions (i.e. downstream leased assets). Their
,,"energy use, as this is not necessarily the signal of inefficiency in either their"
,,operations or our buildings. We choose customers who we believe offer a
,,viable product or service and are themselves viable. This involves taking a
,,"view on their ongoing ability to pay rent by reviewing their financial position,"
,,business strategy and approach to sustainability as a whole. We do work with
,,our customers to find ways to promote energy efficiency through building
,,design and inclusions.
,,"Apart from the measurement of embodied carbon in our developments, we"
,,also encourage the creation of lower emissions alternatives that are viable and
,,can meet our structural needs by participating in experimental activities and
,,working with suppliers to investigate options. At this point there is no clear
,,pathway for certain low carbon products such as steel or concrete that we
,,"can ascribe either a value or a time horizon to, but we will seek to use the"
,,appropriate products and methods as they become available.
,,The concept of emissions from sold products is not useful in understanding the
,,Group's sustainability. The future uses of our assets are not predictable and
,,"the variability of the sales activity is low. As a result, we exclude this from our"
,,calculations and targets.
,,All other Scope 3 items are immaterial to our business.
Poor financial performance may,Loss of support from financiers and,Maintain strong focus on achieving financial performance targets while
impact on our access to capital and,investors,containing financial risks.
inhibit our ability to manage climate,,
risks and opportunities,,
Culture can impact on reputation and,Employee behaviour may impact on,Appropriately align our employees with our strategic intent and expected
ability to continue to operate,"performance, leading to complacency","standards through remuneration policies, training and support."
,which may have a detrimental impact,
,,Our community investments such as donations of time and/or money to
,on our social licence and subsequently,
,,charitable organisations.
,investor support.,
,,We have a sustainable sourcing framework that takes human rights
,Our values incorporate inclusion and,
,,into consideration.
,"diversity as well as safety, so we seek",
,to align our culture in a manner that,

=== Table 4 (page 52) ===
GOODMAN GROUP
Directors’ report
Sustainability report
"Quantification of impacts, risks and opportunities"
Emissions
"Goodman sees emission reduction as a priority, and we have set ourselves targets to help achieve this. We aim to make progress by using a"
"combination of methods ranging from renewable energy sources and energy efficiency measures to behavioural change. In each instance, we are"
"guided by availability of market solutions, practicality of implementation, and economic rationality. When applying time frames, we consider the"
"expected life of the investment. While reducing our emissions remains a priority, Goodman may consider carbon offsets to supplement our emissions"
reduction activities and accommodate for market and product limitations.
"When considering carbon emissions from our operations we are focused on Scope 1 and Scope 2, as well as the various components of Scope 3 (as"
defined in Note 3 of the table overleaf). We are reviewing the appropriate reporting and targets associated with Scope 3 emissions and aim to comply
with the impending Australian Accounting Standards Board disclosure requirements as soon as practically possible.
Goodman uses the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations to help manage and calculate greenhouse gas emissions that occur as
"a result of our operations. It certifies organisations which measure, reduce, and offset carbon emissions in accordance with their standard. Climate"
"Active defines carbon neutral as: ""Reducing emissions where possible and compensating for the remainder by investing in carbon offset projects to"
"achieve net zero overall emissions . Offsets are generated from an activity that prevents, reduces or removes greenhouse gas emissions from being"
released into the atmosphere.”
"For Group reporting of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reduction and renewable energy targets, we use the GHG protocol to measure the items"
"within our emissions boundary. Our emissions boundary is based on an operational control approach, including activities in those areas of our property"
"portfolio where we have control over day-to-day operations and our corporate activities, including some Scope 3 emissions (refer to ""GHG Scope"""
"table). It excludes other sources of Scope 3 emissions such as emissions from our customers’ activities within leased areas, and the embodied"
emissions from developments.
"For personal use only
We expect to maintain our status as a Carbon Neutral Organisation for our global operations in FY25 under Climate Active. As part of our"
"commitment, we annually report our operational carbon inventory to Climate Active for verification. For reporting purposes, we take into account"
"100% of the emissions within our defined boundary, irrespective of our share of equity ownership in the properties. We continue to look for ways to"
lower our operational emissions and increase our use of renewable electricity. Purchasing certified GreenPower electricity in our Australian operations
"and using renewable energy certificates have been key factors. To meet our commitment, we intend to purchase Australian Carbon Credit Units"
"(ACCUs) to offset our residual operational emissions - for more information relating to renewable energy certificates and ACCU sources, please refer"
"to Climate Active’s website. We note that Climate Active is considering a change to the future direction of the program, and we will monitor any"
potential changes.
Our annual operational emissions are included in the following table.
52

=== Table 5 (page 53) ===
,,,2021,2022,2023,2024,2025
,"GHG Scope1,2,3,4",Emissions source,,,,,
,,,tCO2-e,tCO2-e,tCO2-e,tCO2-e,tCO2-e
,,Fuels,898,846,896,735,763
,Scope 1,Natural gas,"1,001",899,822,"1,199","1,347"
,,Refrigerants,"1,414","1,360","1,775","1,972","1,709"
,Total Scope 1,,"3,313","3,105","3,493","3,906","3,819"
,,Electricity (market-,,,,,
,,,"37,065","11,637","2,566","2,570",106
,,based),,,,,
,Scope 25,,,,,,
,,Electricity,,,,,
,,,"37,065","29,777","32,867","31,862","32,139"
,,(location-based),,,,,
,Total Scopes 1 and 2,Market-based,"40,378","14,742","6,059","6,476","3,925"
,Total Scopes 1 and 2,Location based,"40,378","32,882","36,360","35,768","35,958"
,Scope 3,,"12,583","8,964","13,183","13,844","15,213"
,Total Emissions (including Scope 2 - market-based),,"52,961","23,706","19,242","20,320","19,138"
,Total Emissions (including Scope 2 - location-based),,"52,961","41,846","49,543","49,612","51,171"
,Offsets purchased and retired,,"52,962","23,705","19,241","20,320",In progress
,Net Emissions - market based,,nil,nil,nil,nil,In progress
1,,"Data tables, including any estimates used, may be updated as more current data becomes available.",,,,,

=== Table 6 (page 54) ===
"For reference, the Group’s equity weighted share of the emissions within the emissions boundary described above (taking into account our equity",,,
ownership interest in the assets) is set out below.,,,
,,2024,2025
GHG Scope,Emissions source,,
,,tCO2-e,tCO2-e
Scope 1,,"1,245","1,569"
,Electricity (market-based),400,97
Scope 2,,,
,Electricity (location-based),"8,089","8,658"
Scope 3,,"10,741","12,347"
Total Emissions (including Scope 2 – market-based),,"12,386","14,013"
Total Emissions (including Scope 2 – location-based),,"20,075","22,574"

=== Table 7 (page 59) ===
Climate related sustainability initiatives and targets,,
Initiative/Targets,Activity in FY25,Progress
Carbon emissions from operations: Carbon Neutral Operations,Achieved annually since FY21 and on track to achieve again in FY25.,On track
by end of FY251,Final emissions calculation and verification process in progress.,
Gross (excluding offsets) Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission,Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have reduced by approximately 11%,In progress
reduction2 of 42% (relative to FY21 baseline) by end of FY30,since FY21 despite the growth in our business over that time – refer to,
,"the ""Emissions"" section of this report.",
100% renewable electricity use within Goodman’s operations,"Based on information available at the time of writing, above 98%",On track for FY25
by 2025 (including use of renewable energy certificates (RECs),has been achieved in FY25 to date. Once inventory calculations are,
,,FY26 to FY30:
"and other market-based mechanisms, subject to government","completed, the required RECs can be purchased to meet the target.",
,,In progress
regulation in each jurisdiction)3,,
,"From FY26 to FY30, the target for renewable electricity use as a",
,proportion of total electricity use in our industrial and logistics property,
,"operations, including RECs and other market-based mechanisms, is",
,90% or higher.,
Solar PV: 350 to 370 MW of solar PV capacity installed or,20 MW of solar PV installations and/or commitments have been,On track
committed at the end of 20254,"added over the past year. At 30 June 2025, there were ~350 MW",
,of solar PV installations and commitments.,
Embodied carbon emissions reduction,"For FY26 and beyond: In our developments, measure and",In progress
,make demonstrable efforts to reduce emissions and report,
,progress annually.,
Occupancy rate to be at 95% or higher,Occupancy was 96.5% at 30 June 2025,Achieved
Climate related risk mitigation (using TCFD guidelines),"Maintain public climate risk disclosures, with updates",Achieved disclosure
,provided annually.,
,,New initiatives
,Our focus since the production of our initial assessment has turned to,(Stage 1 and Stage
,asset specific factors within the regions and individual properties.,2):
,Our GIC processes incorporate climate risk assessments as a,In progress
,requirement for investment proposals. Progressive reviews are,
,ongoing across the portfolio of stabilised assets. The targets are:,
,"+
Stage 1 (FY26): conduct assessments on new acquisitions and",

=== Table 8 (page 59) ===
,assessments on the existing portfolio by FY30.
Biodiversity,"Make reasonable progress in conducting Biodiversity risk assessment 
New initiative"
,in our business by the end of FY30.
1,Carbon neutrality is based on activities within our direct operational control (excludes customer emissions and embodied emissions from developments) and will be aligned with a reputable industry
,"standard such as the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, which is undergoing a review that might impact our continued use of this standard."
"2 Scope 1 and Scope 2 reduction targets are based on location-based reporting, pending future SBTi re-baseline requirements, and exclude the effect of offsets. Refer to the operational emissions table",
,"in the ""Emissions"" section for more information on our emissions inventory and reporting boundary. For the purposes of Group reporting, we refer to the GHG protocol as follows:"
,Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources.
,Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy.
,Scope 3 emissions include indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the reporting company. Refer to the emissions table to view the Scope 3 emissions included in
,our boundary.
3 The renewable energy target is based on electricity consumed within our direct operations (Scope 2) using the RE100 technical criteria. Our target Includes the use of renewable energy certificates,
,"and other market-based mechanisms, and subject to government regulation in each jurisdiction. Acquisitions of new properties are excluded until existing energy agreements and procurement"
,opportunities are reviewed.
"4 Includes both onsite and offsite solar installations and/or commitments, subject to local regulations and grid connection.",

=== Table 9 (page 78) ===
and our separate FY25 Full Year Results Presentation.
"4.1 Goodman FY25 performance, financial and operational highlights and statistics"
Financial
"Operating profit of $2,311.2 million (up 12.8% on FY24)"
Operating EPS of 118.0 cents (up 9.8% on FY24)
Distribution maintained at 30.0 cents per security to sustain financial risk management objectives
Net tangible assets per security increased 25.3% to $11.03
"Operational property investment, management, and development"
High occupancy of 96.5% and like for like net property income growth of 4.3%
Total portfolio of $85.6 billion
"Strong performance by the Partnerships, achieving weighted average total returns of ~ 10.0% over the past five years"
Development WIP of $12.9 billion. Completions averaged 89% commitment levels and 13 year WALE
"People, culture and community1"
"Social investment of $16.7 million through Goodman Foundation donations, employee fund raising and contributions in kind. Our employees"
"worldwide contributed 3,052 hours to volunteering in our communities during FY25"
The level of females in senior roles was 31% in FY25. Goodman continues to work towards 40% females in senior roles by 2030 and
40:40:20 gender representation overall by 2030
Continued implementation of our Sustainable Sourcing Framework to support human rights and social procurement initiatives
Strong focus on reinforcing employee behaviours that are consistent with the Group’s values
Feedback from employees indicates an average 90% favourable response to employee engagement issues in the regions where surveys
were conducted in FY25 (principally Greater China)
Health and safety objectives achieved
Climate1
Maintaining certification as a Carbon-Neutral Organisation under the Climate Active program
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions down by 11% since baseline year of FY21
"Goodman's global renewable electricity usage, which incorporates the impact of renewable energy certificates, is currently being collated"
but is expected to be well above 90%. The Australian operations consume certified GreenPower
"Climate related risk mitigation measures remain a focus, with the inclusion of risk assessments for new acquisitions and developments"
Approximately 350 MW of solar PV is now installed or committed across the global portfolio
Occupancy has been maintained at over 95%
"Continued to calculate and track the embodied emissions for Goodman’s logistics developments globally, completing 28 life cycle"
assessments in FY25
Introduction of new biodiversity risk assessment objective
Capital management
Maintained significant available liquidity of $6.6 billion for the Group and $9.0 billion across the Partnerships
Significant business growth while maintaining low gearing at 4.3%
Group and Partnerships completed debt refinancing transactions totalling $10.5 billion
Maintained Goodman's investment grade credit rating
"Refer to the ""Sustainability report"" for definitions and more detail."