=== Page 5 ===
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Chairman and Group CEO’s letter
quality of the workbook in our urban locations. Development WIP was 
maintained at $12.9  billion and we saw $5.1  billion worth of projects 
completed, demonstrating the strong execution capabilities of the team.
Management earnings were up 7.9% to $837.4  million. The quality 
of our assets drove continued strong performance and transaction 
fees, while the 8.8% increase in the value of the total portfolio was 
driven by developments, acquisitions and revaluation gains. Goodman 
expanded the platform to 23 Partnerships, with $72.1  billion assets 
under management.
Board updates
In June 2024, the Boards reviewed delegations to the Committees in 
readiness for changes to the Corporations Act requiring mandatory 
climate-related financial disclosures. Following that review, it was 
considered important for the Boards as a whole to determine Goodman’s 
sustainability and climate-related targets and to identify and monitor 
climate and sustainability risks and disclosures. Those responsibilities 
were therefore moved from the Sustainability and Innovation Committee 
to the Boards. The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Charter 
was also updated to include oversight responsibilities in relation to 
sustainability and climate-related financial disclosures.
Building on the above changes and the successful integration 
of sustainability and innovation matters into the Boards' strategy 
and its oversight, the Boards disbanded the Sustainability and 
Innovation Committee on 30 June  2025. We acknowledge the 
work of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee which was 
instrumental in driving innovation and strategic change in the Group, 
including development of the strategy in relation to the global data 
centre opportunity.
At this year's Annual General Meetings, Non-Executive Directors, Hilary 
Spann, Vanessa Liu and Chris Green, and Executive Director, Anthony 
Rozic will be standing for re-election with the full support of the Boards.
Aligning Goodman's people with the interests 
of Securityholders
Developing and maintaining a strong, consistent culture is critical to the 
Group's success. Goodman's focus on building highly capable teams, 
aligned to the interests of its Securityholders, and to the Group's values 
of sustainability, innovation, determination and integrity, has generated 
strong returns over the long term.
Retention of people is therefore critical to the future success of the 
Group. Goodman fosters the right culture and presents its teams with 
ambitious challenges and appropriate rewards. All of Goodman's people 
participate in the long-term incentive plan (L TIP) which accounts for 
around four percent of Goodman's issued capital – a significant number 
for a company of this scale – and we are proud of the alignment 
this creates.
As Goodman scales up its data centre platform and makes strategic 
hires globally, the appeal of the Group's long-term incentive program 
stands out as one that is inclusive and fosters ownership and 
accountability of the whole team– critical in a business where decisions 
today can shape outcomes decades into the future. It is an important factor in recruitment of key specialists across our operations. You can 
read more about this in the Remuneration report .
Sustainability as a core value
Sustainability remains a core value and we work with our customers 
to support their sustainability ambitions. Operationally, Goodman is 
on track to retain our Carbon Neutral Organisation certification, and 
remain focused on reducing emissions in our operations where practical. 
Through the Goodman Foundation and staff contributions, we are 
working to improve social outcomes, with $16.7  million donated to 
support communities throughout FY25. You can read more about this 
in the Sustainability section  of this report and on the Goodman website.
FY26 outlook – progressing opportunities
Goodman is well positioned as a provider of essential infrastructure 
globally. The Group's global expertise, track record over 30+ years 
and strong capital position, provide flexibility to meet growing customer 
demand for digital infrastructure.
Demand remains primarily fuelled by cloud-based technologies including 
the requirements generated by AI and machine learning, while large scale 
logistics opportunities are emerging.
Goodman's portfolio is concentrated in high barrier to entry markets 
in key metro locations and provides a range of opportunities that are 
significant in scale and time. The focus for the team continues to be to 
execute the strategy, optimise returns, and generate sustainable 
long-term growth for investment partners and Securityholders.
Goodman is primed to capitalise on opportunities heading into FY26, 
progressing an attractive and substantial development workbook. The 
Group's global opportunities and strong capital position should support 
future growth which is targeted to deliver operating EPS growth of 9.0% 
for FY26. This equates to over $2.6  billion of operating profit.
As the world continues to change, Goodman is well positioned for 
the future. The Group is developing the infrastructure that powers the 
digital economy, investing for the long term, adapting with flexibility, 
and maintaining the discipline and ambition that have defined its first 
30 years.
With world-class assets, trusted capital partners, and a deeply aligned 
team, Goodman is building infrastructure that matters – for customers, 
communities and the modern world.
Thank you to the Goodman team for their dedication and performance in 
a challenging world, and to Securityholders for their ongoing support.
Sincerely,
Stephen Johns 
 Independent ChairmanGregory Goodman 
 Group Chief Executive Officer
5For personal use only

=== Page 9 ===
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Directors’ report
Operating and Financial review
Our integrated business model
Goodman’s Own Develop Manage model focuses our business on our 
customers’ current and future needs. This approach helps us better 
understand the trends in the market and refine our investment portfolio 
preferences accordingly.
We own high-quality properties in locations we believe have favourable 
supply and demand fundamentals, we develop new properties in those 
markets for long-term investment with specifications that are aimed 
at satisfying customer needs now and in the future, and we manage 
our global investment portfolio to the high standard that we desire. We 
work alongside our investment partners, which include sovereign wealth, 
pension and large multi-manager funds, to manage capital in a manner 
commensurate with our respective requirements.Our strategy involves providing essential infrastructure 
for the digital economy
The way we live, work and consume is evolving. Urbanisation and 
population growth are changing our cities and the expectations of the 
communities we operate within are evolving. Consumers are demanding 
more service, and the need for data management services is increasing 
rapidly. Customer demand for our properties is driven by structural 
drivers such as the expansion of e-commerce, supply chain optimisation, 
and growth in data management requirements.
Our strategy is to position ourselves to capitalise on these trends to 
provide what we class as essential infrastructure for the digital economy. 
Through a combination of our high quality locations, our building 
specifications and our customer service, we aim to meet the needs of 
our customers and assist them in their productivity and sustainability 
objectives, whilst at the same time delivering attractive returns from our 
property investments.
We are targeting customers who value higher speed to market, the 
ability to gain more efficiency out of the properties they occupy, and 
greater resilience in their supply chain. We believe that in the future 
they will prefer to occupy more sustainable properties. To that end, the 
new properties we develop can be specified to accommodate greater 
automation, and their close proximity to consumers and connectivity 
to infrastructure, can potentially help our customers minimise costs, 
reduce transport-related emissions, and drive greater productivity in 
their business. We are also investing in our properties to enhance their 
sustainability credentials. We believe that the sustainability and resilience 
characteristics of our properties will support their ongoing place in the 
market and make them attractive for the long term.
Our long-term investment horizon means we select sites with existing 
or future access to key transportation and/or power and water 
infrastructure that is hard to replicate. Our focus on urban infill assets 
or brownfield sites that can be redeveloped, means we can often 
regenerate existing sites and revitalise communities, while minimising 
land use and our impact on biodiversity. These sites are often ideal for 
multi-storey facilities, optimising space and providing customers with 
centrally located facilities. This may result in higher development costs 
and lower short-term returns, but we believe that this is offset by lower 
risk and more opportunity for growth in the long run.
9For personal use only

=== Page 11 ===
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Directors’ report
Operating and Financial review
Our purpose
Goodman’s purpose of “making space for greatness” recognises our 
stakeholders’ needs and drives us to help them reach their full potential. 
Here’s how we make space for greatness for each of our stakeholders.
Customers
Our customers come from a wide range of industries including 
e-commerce , logistics, industrial and manufacturing, retail, consumer 
goods, automotive, food production, pharmaceutical, life sciences, 
healthcare and technology. Regardless of their sector, they need the right 
properties in the right locations. Proximity to their end consumer is key 
to increased speed to market and reducing transport costs and related 
emissions. Our customers are increasingly taking a strategic approach to 
their infrastructure decisions. They are boosting their investment in our 
buildings to maximise both supply chain efficiency and overall capacity 
as the digital economy grows.
To help our customers achieve their goals, we create spaces in strategic 
locations to an appropriately high specification with sustainability in mind, 
and provide them with excellent service. Here, the greatest ambitions 
of our customers can flourish as we give them the space and service 
support to help them reach their goals.
Securityholders and investment partners
At Goodman, we invest in and manage the investment portfolio alongside 
our investment partners – including some of the world’s largest pension 
and sovereign wealth funds. We take a patient and long-term approach 
to managing capital and focus on growing a sustainable and resilient 
business over time.
This long-term approach guides our decision making. By owning, 
developing and managing high-quality properties in key locations, we 
provide both short-term and long-term benefits for our customers 
while simultaneously working to deliver sustainable returns for our 
Securityholders and investors.
Our people
Our team of over 1,000 people in 27 offices around the world is key 
to our long-term success. Skilled and diverse, team members use their 
expertise across the range of locations and cultures we operate in to 
deliver strong results. There are many opportunities for our people to get 
involved, to learn and to build rewarding careers.
Goodman encourages innovation. We look for people who want to realise 
their ambitions, challenge the status quo, drive change and develop new 
ideas that deliver a sustainable business – making a tangible difference 
today and long into the future. Through Goodman’s Long Term Incentive 
Plan (L TIP), our team have a stake in our business, which motivates 
them to have a positive impact and take a long-term strategic approach 
to decision making. This also facilitates the alignment of remuneration 
outcomes for our people with the returns for Securityholders.Supply chains
We acknowledge that providing a high-quality sustainable offering to our 
customers is a team effort, requiring relationships built on integrity. Our 
network of suppliers extends from our general building contractors who 
we work with closely to build facilities for our customers, to the providers 
of our office supplies.
In each case, we respect the needs of our suppliers and provide an 
environment for them to succeed by setting high quality standards and 
practising good business ethics across our operations and global supply 
chains. This ranges from implementing strategies to protect human rights 
to treating our suppliers as part of our team, keeping them safe and 
paying them fairly and on time. In return, we expect our suppliers to 
abide by our high standards and communicate these requirements within 
their own supply chains. Key technology partners in our supply chain are 
also expected to maintain adequate controls, risk mitigation capabilities 
and recovery strategies to protect our information and our systems from 
error and malice.
Our communities
As a long-term owner of properties, Goodman understands the 
importance of contributing to the local community. We build long-term 
relationships, engaging and collaborating with landowners, cities and 
municipalities, charity partners, and the community at large, to provide 
developments and resources that meet our customers’ needs and benefit 
the wider community.
Our properties add value to local communities and the wider economy 
by generating jobs and creating essential infrastructure. They are 
developed in line with the local planning authorities’ ambitions to build 
sustainable and resilient communities. Our urban infill developments, 
often on brownfield sites, optimise scarce land resources and support 
local regeneration. Our projects can also add social value – through 
the provision of cafes, fitness, and recreation facilities for the whole 
community to enjoy.
We also add social value by working with local charities and community 
partners in our markets to make a sustained and tangible difference. 
Whether it is supporting organisations on meeting essential needs such 
as food, housing, clothing, social and mental wellbeing, education and 
employment, or disaster relief, the Goodman Foundation accelerates 
bold and tangible solutions that strengthen communities and enable long-
term positive change. In FY20 we set a goal to contribute $100.0  million 
to charities and community partners by 30 June  2030, and as at 30 June 
2025 we had contributed $72.5  million towards the achievement of 
this goal.
Goodman also considers the important role First Nations communities 
and peoples play in Australia. Our Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan, 
which included the implementation of cultural and community initiatives, 
was completed during the year and through the Goodman Foundation 
we contributed $2.9  million to First Nations peoples-focused community 
programs in FY25.
11For personal use only