=== Page 2 ===
Contents  
GOLD FIELDS Climate Change and Environment Report 2024 2Welcome to our Climate Change 
and Environment Report (CCER) for 
the year ended 31 December 2024.About this report 3
Introduction 4
Gold Fields operations’ environmental 
performance at a glance5
Reflections from our CEO and SHSD 
Committee Chairperson 6
2024 highlights and performance 
against 2030 targets7
Gold Fields’ climate change and 
environmental stewardship journey 8
Governance 10
Climate change and environment 
leadership and management11
Position and policies 12
Resilience to climate change 13
Climate-related risk management 
processes14
Financial risks: the impact of weather 
events on Gold Fields’ financial 
performance15
Asset-based physical risks 16
Country-based transition risks 20Our Decarbonisation Strategy and 
roadmap22
Gold Fields’ Decarbonisation Strategy 23
Electricity mix 26
Towards a zero-emissions mining 
fleet: decarbonising material transport27
Scope 3: Decarbonising our supply 
chain28
Environmental performance 29
Overview 30
Nature 31
Energy and carbon management 32
Water stewardship 35
Integrated mine closure 40
Tailings storage facility management 41
Data and assurance 43
Group and operational carbon and 
environmental performances44
External assurance statement 46
Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures Index48
Disclaimer and forward-looking 
statements50
Glossary 51
Administration and corporate 
information52About our cover
The cover photo of our 2024 
Climate Change and 
Environment Report shows 
monitoring work at a 
revegetated tailings storage 
facility (TSF) in Ghana. The 
secondary photo shows solar 
panels at Granny Smith.Send us your feedback  
We value your feedback on our reporting suite. To support 
our efforts to report on the issues our stakeholders care 
about, please send any feedback and questions to 
investors@goldfields.com or sustainability@goldfields.com. 
You can also visit www.goldfields.com and download the 
feedback form.
linkedin.com/
company/gold-fields
business.facebook.com/
GoldFieldsLTD
@GoldFields_LTD
instagram.com/
goldfields_ltd/Navigation icons
Further information 
available online
Further reading available 
within this reportIntroduction GovernanceResilience to 
climate changeOur Decarbonisation 
Strategy and roadmapEnvironmental 
performanceData and 
assuranceTCFD IndexDisclaimer and forward-
looking statementsGlossary Administration

=== Page 3 ===
About  this report 
Our CCER contains information about Gold Fields’ climate change and environment-related stewardship and performance relating to the 
atmosphere (energy and carbon management), freshwater (water stewardship) and land use (mine closure and tailings stewardship). The 
report provides information about our performance in 2024 at both a Group and operation level, where appropriate, as well as progress 
against our 2030 social and environmental targets.
Interactive features are incorporated for ease of navigation – including links to additional information available on our website or other 
reports included in our reporting suite. 
As part of Gold Fields’ integrated annual reporting suite, this report 
should be read in conjunction with the Integrated Annual Report 
(IAR) and Report to Stakeholders, as well as relevant information on 
our website, such as our ESG databook. 
Our full reporting suite is outlined in our 2024 IAR.
Reporting  boundary and landscape
The reporting boundary is informed by the operational control 
consolidation approach as set out in the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
Protocol. Unless stated otherwise, non-financial data included in this 
report relates to our eight operating mines and excludes Salares 
Norte (which has not yet achieved commercial levels of production) 
and the Windfall project. All energy, water and carbon data per 
operation is based on the operation’s managed production.
Consideration of global standards
We are dedicated to transparent reporting, providing stakeholders 
with the information needed to assess our performance and 
understand the challenges and risks we face. To support this 
commitment, we have considered the following global frameworks, 
standards and principles:
•The CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)
•Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Metals and Mining 
Standard
•Global Reporting Initiative Universal Standards
•Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Sustainability and Climate 
Disclosure Guidance 
•The ICMM Sustainable Development Framework, Mining 
Principles and Performance Expectations
•World Gold Council (WGC) Responsible Gold Mining Principles
•The IFRS International Sustainability Standards Board’s (ISSB) 
climate-related disclosure standard, which includes the Task 
Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
Recommendations 
PwC Inc. provided an independent reasonable assurance opinion 
(RA) over key sustainability information in this report. 
Refer to our website for the definitions used in preparing assured 
information: https://www.goldfields.com/sustainability-
performance.php
GOLD FIELDS Climate Change and Environment Report 2024 3United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
As a responsible gold miner, we believe we can create 
lasting socio-economic value for our people, host 
communities and governments. The United Nations (UN) 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  – a universal call 
to action to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure that 
by 2030 all people enjoy peace and prosperity – are key to 
our purpose of creating enduring value beyond mining .  
While we recognise the equal importance of all 17 SDGs, 
we prioritise 12 where we believe we have the greatest 
ability to deliver meaningful impact.Introduction GovernanceResilience to 
climate changeOur Decarbonisation 
Strategy and roadmapEnvironmental 
performanceData and 
assuranceTCFD IndexDisclaimer and forward-
looking statementsGlossary Administration

=== Page 5 ===
Gold  Fields operations’ environmental performance at a glance
GOLD FIELDS Climate Change and Environment Report 2024 5Attributable gold 
production2 Energy intensity
287koz 8.81GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
9% 231kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused3
804kg CO2e 36%
Gruyere, Australia1Granny Smith, Australia St Ives, Australia Agnew, Australia South Deep, South Africa1
Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
287koz 3.80GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
7% 119kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused3
412kg CO2e 26%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
331koz 5.52GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
0 195kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused3
590kg CO2e 69%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
229koz 4.08GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
48% 74kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused3
320kg CO2e 52%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
267koz 7.26GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
17% 431kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
1,614kg CO2e 77%
Damang, Ghana1Tarkwa, Ghana1Salares Norte, Chile Cerro Corona, Peru Windfall project, Québec, Canada
Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
134koz 5.15GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
0 114kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
847kg CO2e 82%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
537koz 7.71GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
3% 420kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
782kg CO2e 86%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
45koz Not reported
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
0 Not reported
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
Not reported Not reportedAttributable gold 
production Energy intensity
173koz 6.89GJ/oz
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
100% 48kt CO2e
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
278kg CO2e 84%Attributable gold 
production Energy intensity
0 Not reported
Renewable electricityScope 1 and 2 
emissions
100% Not reported
Emissions intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2)Water recycled/
reused
Not reported Not reported1   Data applies to 100% of these operations
2  For definition of attributable gold production, refer to p3 of our IAR3  Water used is highly-saline and not easily recyclableIntroduction GovernanceResilience to 
climate changeOur Decarbonisation 
Strategy and roadmapEnvironmental 
performanceData and 
assuranceTCFD IndexDisclaimer and forward-
looking statementsGlossary Administration

=== Page 6 ===
Reflections from our CEO and SHSD Committee Chairperson  
Our mining activities often impact our host communities and the 
environment in which they live. Successfully embedding sustainability 
considerations and practices into our business, to both manage these 
impacts and drive positive outcomes, is intrinsic to Gold Fields’ 
long-term performance and success.
Responsible mining is embedded in pillar 2 of Gold Fields’ strategy to 
deliver positive social and environmental impact. This is supported by 
our 2030 targets, which include three social and three environmental 
priority areas. Our primary environmental commitment to communities is 
to ensure that we uphold the highest standards of environmental 
stewardship – a commitment we have successfully achieved for almost 
a decade by having zero serious environmental incidents. This is further 
supported by our 2030 targets related to climate change, water 
stewardship and tailings management to ensure we responsibly 
manage our natural resources and mitigate our impact on the 
environment.
Gold Fields have adopted these programmes, targets and policies 
because they made sense for our business then, and continue to make 
sense for our business today. They form the foundation of our social 
licences to operate, which must endure beyond political, regulatory or 
economic cycles. This commitment is reflected in our reporting, as we 
aim for transparency in our disclosures to enable our stakeholders to 
clearly understand our performance, risks and opportunities.
Gold Fields’ decarbonisation journey, which commenced in 2016, was 
driven by the need to secure our operations’ electricity supply and 
mitigate rapidly rising energy costs. Our investment in renewable 
energy microgrids is proving to be a valuable business solution while, 
at the same time, addressing one of the most critical challenges facing 
society: climate change.Applying a commercial lens has always been critical and our 
decarbonisation work prioritises energy resilience and cost-effective 
reduction in emissions while optimising operational efficiency and 
maintaining business sustainability. At the same time, we have adopted 
a portfolio-based view of our decarbonisation efforts, critically 
assessing where the greatest opportunities lie to enhance operational 
flexibility and energy security and meet our carbon reduction priorities.
In doing this, we ensure capital resources are allocated efficiently by 
applying rigorous capital allocation criteria to these investments across 
our portfolio. Our two largest investments in renewables – South 
Deep’s Khanyisa solar plant, commissioned in late 2022, and the 
St Ives renewable energy project currently under construction – will 
both substantially reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions for these 
operations while also creating long-term energy resilience at reduced 
costs. 
To date, three of our Australian mines and South Deep have renewable 
electricity sources, while Cerro Corona in Peru and the Windfall project 
in Canada are fully supplied by hydropower. We have seen the benefits 
of these investments, with 18% of our electricity derived from renewable 
sources in 2024, compared with 3% in 2016. Our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions are now 4% below the 2016 baseline.
Our largest investment in renewables to date is expected to improve 
these metrics further, with construction of the US$195m solar and wind 
energy project at St Ives currently underway. The plant is scheduled for 
commissioning in early 2026. Through this investment, 73% of the 
mine’s electricity will be sourced from renewable energy – reducing the 
mine’s future Scope 1 and 2 emissions by approximately 50% a year 
and the Group’s emissions by 6% a year. It will also lead an estimated 
operating cost reduction of US$67/oz a year for the mine and  affords 
long-term operational flexibility to this cornerstone asset in our portfolio.
Our other operations are also investigating potential for further 
renewable electricity sources, but we will only proceed with these 
where it makes technical and commercial sense to do so.
During 2023, we set a Scope 3 emission target: a net 10% reduction by 
2030 against a 2022 baseline. At the time, these emissions comprised 
36% of our overall emissions. While it is still early days, we continued to 
work towards this target in 2024 through extensive engagement with 
our main suppliers.Among our other environmental priorities, we focused our work in 
areas where we impact our stakeholders directly – namely, how we 
manage our tailings facilities and how we treat the water we require for 
our operations and for use by our neighbouring communities. For both 
these focus areas, we have teams conducting industry-leading work to 
achieve our 2030 targets.  
We discuss our 2030 environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
targets, as well as our performance against these, in detail throughout 
our reporting suite. Given that the strategies, programmes and 
initiatives to achieve our targets were established based on the 
knowledge and expectations of technology maturity in 2021, we have 
now initiated a mid-term review to be concluded in 2025. This review 
will assess our progress, future business models and technology 
readiness profiles. It will also help identify any gaps to deliver on the 
targets and support their extension to 2035 to accommodate portfolio 
growth and evolving technological capabilities.
Having reviewed our performance over the year, we are more 
convinced than ever that our continued commitment to a sound 
environmental and social performance benefits our stakeholders, 
including host communities, and the business, and will translate into 
more sustainable returns for our shareholders.
Mike Fraser
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Terence Goodlace
Chairperson of the Safety, Health and Sustainable 
Development (SHSD) Committee
GOLD FIELDS Climate Change and Environment Report 2024 6“Our continued commitment to 
responsible management of 
our environmental and social 
impacts is key to delivering on 
our purpose and will translate 
into more sustainable returns 
for our shareholders”
Mike Fraser
CEO“Our decarbonisation work 
prioritises energy resilience 
and cost-effective reduction in 
emissions while optimising 
operational efficiency and 
maintaining business 
sustainability.”
Terence Goodlace
Chairperson of the SHSD 
CommitteeIntroduction GovernanceResilience to 
climate changeOur Decarbonisation 
Strategy and roadmapEnvironmental 
performanceData and 
assuranceTCFD IndexDisclaimer and forward-
looking statementsGlossary Administration