=== Page 7 ===
Grange Resources Limited  
Directors' report  
31 December 2024  
 
  
  
7 North Pit Underground Development Project  
 
The Company completed the Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for underground mining below North Pit and its integration with 
the company’s current open -cut mine. The findings of the DFS were integrated with the transition from open -cut mining to 
demonstrat e the effective implementation of the underground project alongside the current operation (see market release 
dated 28 February 2024).  
  
All environmental and development approvals were received in the third quarter after successful completion of the submi ssion 
and review period.   
  
The development of the exploration decline saw 3,000m of advance and the completion of the first raise bore hole in the 
southern primary ventilation circuit.  The pilot hole for the second raise bore hole was also completed and reaming was 
commenced.  Drilling for a diamond hole was also commenced in the geotechnical inspection drive.  A dewatering system has 
been successfully implemented from the open pit and is effectively controlling water for the underground activities. Other 
preparation works were undertaken to address the project control system, power supply requirements and engine ering for the 
material handling system.    
  
Centre Pit Extension  
  
The Company is evaluating an extension of the Centre Pit mine plan as an alternative feed source to complement the North 
Pit Underground Development.  Pursuing parallel development of Centre Pit is expected to de -risk the broader Savage River 
Operations and enhance operational flexibility.  
  
Port Latta Improvement Projects  
 
Modification and improvement on Furnace 4 has been consistently operating without the addition of anthracite throughout the 
year. This has resulted in a reduction in our coal use at Port Latta and consequently a reduction in CO 2-e emissions associated 
with the combustion of coal.  Design work on Furnace lines 3 & 5 were progressed in order to apply further efficiency 
improvements in the future.  
  
Financial Position   
 
Grange’s net assets increased during the year to $1,061.3 million (31 December 2023: $1,031.3 million). The key movements 
in net assets during the year are a result of the following:    
  
●  An increase in financial assets by $53.5 million  
●  An increase in inventories of $45.9 million  
●  An increase in property plant and equipment and mine properties and development of $39.1 million and $18.0 million 
respectively.  
●  A decrease in trade and other payables $7.8 million  
●  A decrease in trade and other receivables $60.4 million  
●  A decrease in cash and cash equivalents by $38.3 million  
●  An increase in deferred tax liability by $15.5 million  
●  An increase in provisions by $18.9 million  
  For personal use only

=== Page 8 ===
Grange Resources Limited  
Directors' report  
31 December 2024  
 
  
  
8 Statement of Cash Flows  
 
Net cash flows from operating activities   
 
Net cash inflows from operating activities for the year were $239.9 million (2023: inflows $267.1 million), decreased compare d 
to prior year mainly due to lower prices achieved, lower quantities sold and higher operating costs compared to the previous 
year.  
 
Net cash flows from investing activities  
 
Net cash outflows from investing activities for the period were $253.4 million (2023: outflows $241.9 million), principally r elated 
to expenditures for mine properties and development ($113.7 million), property, plant and equipment of ($86.1 million) and 
payments for term deposits ($53.8 million).  
 
Net cash flows from financing activities   
 
Net cash outflows from financing activities for the period were $30.7 million (2023 outflow: $25.2 million), principally rela ted to 
the payment of 2023 final dividend and 2024 interim dividend ($28.9 million), and repayment of lease liabilities ($1.8 mi llion).  
  
ESG Reporting and Initiatives  
  
Grange published its baseline Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report with disclosures on 21 core metrics set 
by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in its standardised and globally recognised Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics ESG 
framework.  
 
This new  global environment is challenging the traditional expectations of corporations and redirecting investment 
capital.  Grange is committed to aligning the business, where applicable, to the sustainable development goals that provide a 
roadmap to sustainability and resilience.  
 
The baseline report demonstrates Grange’s commitment to aligning its business practices, where a pplicable, with the 
Sustainable Development Goals, that offer guidance on sustainability and resilience.  The report describes the progress 
Grange has made against the four pillars of the framework for Governance, Planet, People and Prosperity.   
 
Most notably, Grange has developed a road map to reduce emissions.  This will involve the reduction in energy used per tonne 
of product; upgrades to furnaces; energy efficiency in the pellet plant; application of technology and electric vehicles in t he 
mining operation; and alternative fuel sources.  
 
Management reaffirms t he Company's decarbonisation initiatives and continues to make forward progress in the pursuit of 
decarbonisation. Recent project realignment with funding requirements for the development of the electric underground mine 
and increased technical engineering  for furnace efficiency and heat recovery projects have increased the time required to 
reach our targets. The updated timeframe for targets are now assessed as being:        
•          CO2-e emission target reduction of 25% by 2030  
•          CO2-e emission target reduction of 50% by 2035  
•          Target of Zero CO2 -e (Scope 1 and 2) emissions by 2040  
  
Supporting projects, including 3 kms of the underground development and the operational improvements to Furnace 4 which 
continues to operate successfully without the addition of anthracite, were achi eved in 2024. Detailed design work and 
engineering is  progressing on the modifications required for efficiency improvements to the other furnace lines.   
  
Southdown Magnetite Project   
 
The Southdown Magnetite Project, situated 90km from the city of Albany in Western Australia, is an advanced project with 
over 1.2 billion tonnes of high -quality resource and access to established infrastructure.  
  
During the year, the review of the Def initive Feasibility Study for the Southdown Magnetite Project continued along with the 
search for equity investors. Once the appropriate partners have joined the Project, a bridging study phase will be undertaken , 
and a final project description and scope will be produced. This will allow the finalisation of current environmental approvals. 
All existing tenements, approvals and project assets continue to be maintained in good order to facilitate the development of  
the Project.  
 For personal use only

=== Page 10 ===
Grange Resources Limited  
Directors' report  
31 December 2024  
 
  
  
10 Environmental regulation  
 
The mining and exploration tenements held by the Group contain environmental requirements and conditions that the Group 
must comply with. These conditions and regulations cover environmental aspects such as acid mine drainage management, 
river water quality, the manageme nt of the storage of hazardous materials and mine site rehabilitation, etc.  
  
The Group is subject to significant environmental legislation and regulation in respect of its mining, processing and explora tion 
activities as set out below:   
  
Savage River and Port Latta Operations  
  
The Group obtained approvals to operate in 1996 and 1997 under the Land Use Planning and Approvals Act 1993  (LUPA) 
and the Environmental Management and Pollution Control Act 1994  (EMPCA) as well as the Goldamere Agreement Act 1996  
and Mineral Resources Development Act 1995 . The original land use permit conditions for Savage River and Port Latta are 
contained in Environmental Protection Notices 248/2 and 302/2 respectively. Environmental Management Plans were 
submitted for Savage River and Port Latta on 21 December 2010 and most recently updated and submitted to EPA on 18 
December 2024. The extension of the project’s life was approved by the Department of Tourism, Arts and the Environment 
on 12 March 2007 and together with the Goldamere Agreement Act 1996  and the environmental permits, is the basis for the 
management of all environmental aspects of the mining leases. The Group has been relieved of any environmental obligation 
in relation to contamination, pollutants or pollution caused by operations prior to the date of the Goldamere Agreement Act  
(Royal Ascent received 16 December 1996).  Grange received planning approval from the Waratah Wynyard Council and the 
Tasmanian Environment Protection Authority for the construction of South Deposit Tailings Storage Facility in March 2014 
under PCE 8808, as well as federal approval under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 in 
April 2014 under EPBC approval 6393. South Deposit cutback was approved in August 2014 but is now largely regulated 
under the Centre Pit Expansion and South Deposit Backfill Dump through DA 216/2021 and Permit Conditions -Environmental 
No. 10995. In Janu ary 2020, approval was granted under Environment Protection Notice 10006/2 for the North Pit 
Underground exploration decline.  On 6 August 2024 the Group also received approval for North Pit Underground as an 
operational underground mine, under Permit Conditions -Environmental No. 12021.  
  
Southdown Magnetite Project  
 
There have been no activities on the Southdown Magnetite Project which would cause a breach of environmental legislation.  
  
Mount Windsor Joint Venture   
 
Grange is a minority partner (30%) in the Mt Windsor project in North Queensland which is now being rehabilitated for future 
lease relinquishment. An ongoing Transitional Environment Program has been entered into voluntarily to identify and 
remediate various sources of pollution on site. A comprehensive plan has been developed and instigated to manage the 
leases with relinquishm ent expected in 2045.    
 
During the financial year there were no breaches of licence conditions relevant to the Mt Windsor project.    
  
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007  
  
The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 requires the Group to report its annual greenhouse gas emissions 
and energy use by 31 October each year. The Group has implemented systems and processes for the collection and 
calculation of the data re quired and has submitted its annual reports through the Emissions and Energy Reporting System 
(EERS) by 31 October each year.   
  
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Safeguard Mechanism) Rule 2015   
 
The Safeguard Mechanism applies to designated large facilities and is triggered when the facility exceeds 100, 000t CO2-e as 
per Division 8 of NEGR (Safeguard Mechanism) Rule 2015. The entity with operational control of a designated large facility is  
responsible for meeting safeguard requirements, including that the facility must keep net emissions at or below baseline  
emission levels. Grange has two facilities which trigger the Safeguard Mechanism. Grange submitted an application for an 
emissions intensity determination for the Savage River facility and applied the Best Practice Emissions Intensity value for t he 
Port L atta facility in accordance with Section 17 of the Safeguard Rule.  The Savage River Mine facility successfully received 
confirmation of our application of a Multi Year Monitoring Period.  
  For personal use only

=== Page 11 ===
Grange Resources Limited  
Directors' report  
31 December 2024  
 
  
  
11 National Environment Protection (National Pollutant Inventory) Measure 1998   
  
The Group is required to report its emissions of specific pollutants each year in line with National Pollutant Inventory (NPI ) 
reporting requirements. The reporting period is a standard financial year and is due by 30 September each year. Both Savage 
River  Mine and Port Latta Pelletising Plant are subject to NPI statutory reporting each year, and the total emissions reported 
are publicly available.    
  
 Renewable Energy (Electricity) Act 2000   
 
In recognition that the Renewable Energy Targets scheme may increase costs to Companies that carry on Emissions Intensive 
Trade Exposed (EITE) activities, the exemption provisions under the Renewable Energy (Electricity) Act 2000 as amended 
allow a prescri bed person to apply for an exemption certificate in relation to the electricity supplied to an EITE activity carried 
on at a site. Subject to agreement from the prescribed person an exemption certificate may be tr aded to the liable entity for 
the electricity supplied, and provides the liable entity with exemption from liability for a certain amount of megawatt -hours of 
electricity in the given calendar year. Grange has received exemption certificates under this sch eme.  
  
Climate Change Risk and Opportunities  
  
In FY2024, Grange Resources remains steadfast in its commitment to identifying, mitigating, and managing climate -related 
risks and opportunities, reinforcing its dedication to sustainability and stakeholder transparency. This disclosure draws on the 
insigh ts provided in FY2023 while outlining our roadmap for enhanced compliance with the Australian Accounting Standards 
Board’s (AASB) S2 Climate -Related Disclosures by FY2025 . 
  
Key Climate Risks and Opportunities  
 
Building on the risks disclosed in FY2023, the Group has continued to assess climate -related risks and opportunities. While 
further risks are still being evaluated, the following is a non -exhaustive collection of physic al and transition risks that have 
already been identified as potentially material to our operations and financial performance.  
  
Physical Risks  
  
Changes in weather patterns may lead to:  
  
●  Concentrated rainfall events  
●  Reduced rainfall  
●  Rising sea levels  
●  Higher maximum and lower minimum temperatures  
  
These changes may result in operational impacts such as:  
  
●  Delays in ship loading, leading to demurrage costs  
●  Damage to assets  
●  Restricted access to Savage River, affecting the supply of parts and workforce mobility  
●  Reduced access to groundwater  
●  Risks to on -site electrical infrastructure  
●  Delays in mining operations  
  
Transition Risks  
  
●  Policy and legal risks : Stricter government regulations on carbon emissions may increase energy costs or limit energy 
availability. In particular, the introduction of the Safeguard Mechanism could drive up costs if emissions reductions are 
delayed or not achieved.  
●  Market and Technology Risk:  Shifting consumer demand for low -carbon goods and services may impact our market 
position. One notable example is the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) which could restrict access to key 
markets.  
  
The Group acknowledges the challenges and opportunities presented by the global transition to a low -carbon economy. Key 
initiatives to position Grange as a leader in low -carbon emissions include reducing CO ₂ emissions per tonne of pellet produced 
and exploring opportunities in the emerging "Green Steel" market.  
  For personal use only