=== Table 1 (page 2) ===
and the environment.,,
Governance and strategy,,
Helia’s Board has responsibility and,This Committee is continuing to evolve,This year we have undertaken a
"oversight of sustainability strategy,",its sustainable investments strategy,sustainability governance and
including climate risks and opportunities,and governance including building,strategy refresh. We have reviewed our
and all our material disclosures.,our systems to measure and establish,governance approach as we work to
,any future scope 3 emission targets,increasingly integrate  sustainability
Our management team provides,,
,or investment opportunities. Our,"within our business strategy, policies,"
regular updates to the Board on our,,
,investment mandates do not allow,risk management framework
progress and delivery against our,,
,investing in companies with revenue,"and systems, and embed ESG"
sustainability priorities. Sustainability,,
,from the manufacture of Controversial,considerations in our organisation.
topics covered in 2024 included: insight,,
,"Weapons, and to not knowingly invest",
"sessions on climate trends, regulations",,The delivery of our sustainability
,in companies involved in modern,
"and disclosures, current and emerging",,framework is supported by
,slavery or human trafficking.,
"environmental, social and governance",,cross‑functional working groups
"(ESG) risks and opportunities, climate",,and Committees to harness and align
change scenario analysis and updates,,dedicated expertise and resources for
on AI and emerging technology.,,key priorities and initiatives.
Helia’s Investment Committee is the,,"For more information, see our 2025"
management committee responsible,,Corporate Governance Statement and
for overseeing the governance of the,,our Helia policies.
"investment portfolio, working closely",,

=== Table 2 (page 7) ===
Minimise our impact,Build climate resilience,Explore impact opportunities
To protect the environment,To protect our business against the,To help our business
in which we operate,medium and long-term impact of,benefit from emerging
and support Australia’s,transition and physical climate risk.,climate-related opportunities.
decarbonisation commitments.,,
,•  Enhance climate risk scenario,•  Support customers
•  Maintain net zero for scope 1,modelling and analysis.,with climate insights.
and scope 2 emissions.,"• 
Integrate climate considerations",•  Explore potential
•  Build understanding and,across our business.,investment opportunities.
measurement of scope 3,•  Enhance the capabilities,•  Technology solutions
emissions.,of our people.,to support carbon

=== Table 3 (page 10) ===
"Sustainability Report 2024
9",,,
Climate (continued),,,
Targets and metrics,,,
Helia measures and reports on our greenhouse emissions aligned to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and on an,,,
"operational control basis. For more information on our 2024 emissions boundaries, methodology and preparation,",,,
refer to the FY24 ESG databook.,,,
Scope 1 and 2 emissions,,,
Helia has maintained net zero for location‑based scope 1 and 2 emissions through the ongoing use of 100% green,,,
power for purchased electricity. Our scope 1 potential for refrigerants remains immaterial for the reporting period.,,,
Scope 3 emissions,,,
"In 2024, we have continued to build on our understanding, identification, and measurement of our upstream scope 3 emissions.",,,
"Additionally, we have commenced the measurement and  tracking of our investment portfolio emissions, representing a step",,,
forward in our efforts to capture our total carbon footprint. We are continuing to refine the measurement of Helia’s investment,,,
portfolio internally and will commence external reporting as we become comfortable with data accuracy and completeness.,,,
"Accessing consistent, accurate and complete emissions data from third parties across our value chain remains a",,,
challenging area of our carbon management activity. As industry standards for transparent reporting improve and,,,
"reliable data becomes more readily available, we will continue to develop our GHG emissions inventory.",,,
See our FY24 ESG databook for emissions data.,,,
Scope 1 and 2 emissions,,,
Total emissions (tCO2e),2024,2023,Change %
Scope 1 emissions,—,—,—
Scope 2 emissions (location based 1),92.7,93.7,(1%)
"1.  Location based emissions refers to gross emissions, all scope 2 emissions are sourced from green power sources.",,,

=== Table 4 (page 11) ===
Glossary,
Gender pay parity,Defined by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) as a gender pay gap
,between ‑5% and +5%. This is calculated by dividing the female total remuneration
,median by male total remuneration median.
GHG emissions,Covers the accounting and reporting of the six greenhouse gases (GHGs) covered
,"by the UNFCCC/Kyoto Protocol — currently carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,"
,"hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride."
IPCC RCP8.5 scenario,Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s representative concentration pathway
,8.5 describes the development of concentrated greenhouse gas emissions in the
,atmosphere under the assumption that no further efforts to reduce emissions will be
,made. It portrays a worst‑case emissions scenario.
Scope 1 emissions,Emissions released to the atmosphere from operations that are owned or controlled
,by an organisation.
Scope 2 emissions,Emissions released to the atmosphere from the indirect consumption of an energy
,commodity by an organisation.
Scope 3 emissions,Indirect emissions other than scope 2 emissions that are generated in the value
,chain of an organisation.
Single-industry coal,Definition applies when the proportion of SA2 population employed in the mining
mining town,sector is >18% and the Australian Bureau of Statistic remoteness score >=2
,(see ABS Remoteness Areas for further information).
Women in management,The percentage of roles with direct managerial responsibility for an employee held
,by women.