=== Page 2 ===
Our approach to sustainability 
Helia is committed to sustainability and is continuing to 
embed ESG into our strategy and operations as we seek 
to make a positive impact on our stakeholders, society 
and the environment.
Governance and strategy 
Helia’s Board has responsibility and 
oversight of sustainability strategy, 
including climate risks and opportunities 
and all our material disclosures. 
Our management team provides 
regular updates to the Board on our 
progress and delivery against our 
sustainability priorities. Sustainability 
topics covered in 2024 included: insight 
sessions on climate trends, regulations 
and disclosures, current and emerging 
environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) risks and opportunities, climate 
change scenario analysis and updates 
on AI and emerging technology. 
Helia’s Investment Committee is the 
management committee responsible 
for overseeing the governance of the 
investment portfolio, working closely 
with our investment managers.This Committee is continuing to evolve 
its sustainable investments strategy 
and governance including building 
our systems to measure and establish 
any future scope 3 emission targets 
or investment opportunities. Our 
investment mandates do not allow 
investing in companies with revenue 
from the manufacture of Controversial 
Weapons, and to not knowingly invest 
in companies involved in modern 
slavery or human trafficking.This year we have undertaken a 
sustainability governance and 
strategy refresh. We have reviewed our 
governance approach as we work to 
increasingly integrate  sustainability 
within our business strategy, policies, 
risk management framework 
and systems, and embed ESG 
considerations in our organisation.
The delivery of our sustainability 
framework is supported by 
cross‑functional working groups 
and Committees to harness and align 
dedicated expertise and resources for 
key priorities and initiatives. 
For more information, see our 2025 
Corporate Governance Statement and 
our Helia policies .
1
Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 5 ===
Social impact
Helia’s commitment to social impact is at the core of how we operate. We understand how important safe and accessible 
housing is for the wellbeing of individuals and families. We are committed to enabling home ownership through our products, 
and to partnering with our customers and charity partners to support vulnerable members of our community overcome 
barriers to housing. 
For our people, we are committed to driving innovation, strengthening our culture and developing skills and capabilities to 
support individual growth and success. Championed by our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee, we are focused on 
equal opportunities for our people and building teams that reflect the diverse communities in which we operate. For more 
information on how we create social impact, see page 10 of the 2024 Annual Report . 
Sustainability progress
2024 activities
Social • Supported more than 31,000 home buyers into home ownership.
• Provided over 130 hours of training and development to mortgage brokers and lending specialists.
• Achieved employee engagement score of 78%.
• Achieved gender pay parity for second consecutive year.
• Partnered with CoreData on First Nations housing accessibility research.
Environment • Maintained net zero for scope 1 and 2 emissions.
• Continued to develop measurement of scope 3 emissions.
• Climate risk enhanced to property level.
Governance • Governance review and update of charters and policies.
• Target of 40% female representation of women on the board, on the SLT and in other management 
positions. Target exceeded at board level with 50% female representation, women on SLT was 38% 
and women in other management roles was 38%.
• Achieved employee risk culture score of 79%.• Data privacy and security
• Financial systems and reporting• Managing modern slavery risk
• Regulatory compliance• Ethical conduct
• Anti‑ corruptionEnabled by responsible corporate governanceThrough our LMI 
products and 
solutions, and 
mortgage broker 
and customer 
education 
programs.Through a 
supportive and 
inclusive culture 
and respectful 
reconciliation 
with First 
Nations peoples.Through 
financial 
hardship relief, 
advocacy and 
public policy 
and community 
investment.Through 
understanding 
and responding 
to climate risk 
and sharing 
insights.Through carbon 
management 
planning and 
minimising 
emissions 
and waste.Through 
exploring 
product 
development, 
technology and 
sustainable 
investments.Accessible 
housingEmployee  
culture and 
wellbeingSupporting 
communitiesClimate risk 
managementReducing our 
footprintPositive impact 
opportunitiesDriving social wellbeing Enhancing climate resilience
Focus areasOur sustainability framework
Our sustainability framework guides Helia’s efforts to create long‑term ESG value for our business, customers and the 
community. It reflects our material themes, aligned to relevant sustainability frameworks, goals and regulatory requirements, 
and focuses on the areas where Helia can have the biggest impact. 
Helia's purpose: Accelerate financial wellbeing through home ownership, now and for the future.
Our sustainability approach: We consider our impacts on people and the planet, and strive to deliver social, economic and 
environmental value through what we do and how we operate.
4

=== Page 7 ===
Strategy 
Helia is committed to addressing climate-related risks and opportunities, as part of our 
broader environmental commitments, to enable sustainable outcomes for our business, 
customers and the community.
Enhancing climate resilience 
Minimise our impact Build climate resilience Explore impact opportunities
T o protect the environment 
in which we operate 
and support Australia’s 
decarbonisation commitments.
• Maintain net zero for scope 1  
and scope 2 emissions.
• Build understanding and 
measurement of scope 3 
emissions.
• Develop targets and 
reduction strategies.T o protect our business against the 
medium and long-term impact of 
transition and physical climate risk.
• Enhance climate risk scenario 
modelling and analysis.
• Integrate climate considerations 
across our business.
• Enhance the capabilities 
of our people.T o help our business  
benefit from emerging 
climate-related opportunities.
• Support customers 
with climate insights.
• Explore potential 
investment opportunities.
• Technology solutions 
to support carbon 
transition commitments.
Minimising our impact
Helia’s approach to managing our environmental impact is focused on understanding our emission sources, enhancing 
our data accuracy, and setting targets and reduction strategies to minimise our overall carbon footprint. For scope 
1 and 2 we are maintaining net zero emissions through 100% green power for purchased electricity. We are actively 
building out our scope 3 emissions inventory, following which we intend to establish a baseline and targets. 
Our approach to carbon management is focused on the following key activities in the short to medium term: 
• Maintaining net zero for scope 1 and 2 through green power electricity sources
• Measuring and reducing electricity, waste and water consumption
• Enhancing understanding of operational scope 3 emission measurement and data quality
• Building out investment portfolio measurement and reporting capabilities 
• Increasing external assurance on emissions reporting 
• Exploring impact investment opportunities
• Establishing a baseline measure and strategy for scope 3 emission reduction targets.
Heila's approach to carbon management is continuing to evolve as we better understand the nature and impact of 
emissions across our value chain. We will adjust our approach and activities as needed to enable an appropriate response 
to carbon management, whilst continuing to maintain our commitment to minimising our environmental impact.
6

=== Page 8 ===
Understanding climate risk
Australia is particularly vulnerable 
to extreme weather events such as 
bushfires, floods, heatwaves and 
cyclones. Helia recognises that 
understanding and addressing climate 
risks and opportunities is key to building 
a sustainable business for the future.
More frequent and severe weather 
events are impacting home owners 
and communities, and could result 
in increased financial loss for Helia 
from indirect claims or impairments 
to financial assets vulnerable to Climate (continued)
climate change. Some locations are 
already experiencing the effects of 
climate change (both physical and 
transition risks) impacting local 
economies and house and land 
values, which could ultimately result 
in higher underwriting risk for Helia.
Additionally, increasing focus 
from key stakeholders particularly 
regulatory scrutiny and external 
investor and stakeholder demands, 
raises commercial, reputational and 
regulatory risks of non‑ compliance 
with best practices that fail to 
meet community expectations.Climate risk has been identified as a 
material risk in Helia’s risk management 
framework and strategy, which is 
reviewed and approved annually 
by management and the Board. 
Our focus on understanding 
how climate risks are evolving 
is helping us to develop our 
response and mitigations needed 
to manage  potential impacts 
now, and for the future.
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
Potential impact on Helia Our response Time horizon
Physical risk • Increased frequency and intensity 
of acute and chronic weather 
events and climate change.
• Increased insurance premiums 
and reduced demand for property. 
• Decline in property values.• Climate scenario analysis on underwriting portfolio.
• Managing exposures via risk tolerances and 
underwriting policies for high‑risk locations. 
• Enhance internal capabilities and expertise on 
emerging climate trends, data and analysis.Medium to 
long term
Transition 
risk• Mining and coal location transition 
may drive higher unemployment 
and decline in property values. 
• Net zero transition and 
emission reduction targets.• Climate scenario analysis on underwriting 
and investment portfolios.
• Managing exposures via risk tolerances and 
underwriting policies for high‑risk locations. 
• Monitor carbon footprint and allocations 
of investment portfolio.Medium to 
long term
Regulatory  
and 
reputational• New regulatory disclosure 
requirements.
• National net zero commitments. 
• Evolving customer expectations.• Monitor emerging regulatory 
frameworks and policies. 
• Preparation underway for ASRS S2 
climate reporting. 
• Support customers with climate insights.Short to 
medium term
Short term – 0-1 year Medium term – 1-3 years Long term - 3 years onwards 
Note Helia’s climate risk horizons are aligned with our financial definitions. Risk management 
Helia is at varying stages of execution and the delivery of our response to identified climate risks.
7
Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 9 ===
Understanding climate-related risks
Helia has continued to build the 
climate resilience of our business by 
enhancing scenario analysis capabilities 
for physical climate risk. In 2024, we 
refined our physical climate risk analysis 
to assign a risk rating to almost all 
Australian properties. The insights 
gained from our risk analysis informs 
our risk appetite, underwriting policies 
and strategic approach to managing 
climate risk within our business.
Physical climate risk 
scenario analysis 
In 2024, we assigned a risk rating 
to 100% of our underwriting 
portfolio, aligned to a representative 
concentration pathway 8.5 (RCP8.5) 
climate scenario. This scenario, 
which assumes high greenhouse 
gas emissions and significant global 
warming, is used to assess the 
potential impacts of extreme climate 
change. Using Helia, third‑party data 
and government flood and peril maps, 
we have assessed the impact of flood, 
tropical cyclone and bushfire across 
a 30 ‑year time horizon. As a result, 
an estimated 3.5% of our portfolio is 
considered to have a high climate risk.Transition risk 
Helia has continued to assess and 
monitor climate ‑related transition 
risk for single ‑industry coal‑mining 
towns across our underwriting 
portfolio by modelling house 
price and unemployment across a 
30‑year time horizon. Our approach 
is based on an assessment of the 
structural risks of each location and 
historical performance data. We will 
continue to expand our assessment 
of climate‑related transition 
risk over the coming period. 
Limitations 
We note that while scenario analysis 
provides valuable insights, our 
approach is still evolving. Our 
approach and findings are based 
on a range of assumptions and 
third‑party data, and there remains 
inherent uncertainties due to the 
unpredictability of future climate 
conditions, policy developments, 
and technological advancement. 
Helia's approach to climate models 
has been validated by our internal 
technical committee.In response to the climate-related physical and transition risks relevant to Helia,  
we are continuing to enhance our scenario analysis and assessment capabilities.
Managing climate risk 
In response to our climate analysis, 
Helia has incorporated climate 
risk factors in decision‑making, 
policies and processes. 
Maximum tolerance thresholds 
within our risk appetite statement 
have been set for our exposure 
to coal mining and high physical 
climate risk locations. These 
thresholds are managed through 
our risk management framework 
and underwriting guidelines. We 
regularly monitor and review these 
risk settings and overall climate 
resilience of our business. 
8