=== Table 1 (page 94) ===
Sustainable business practices,
,Cost savings through energy conservation and waste reduction.
Risk Management,Metrics
Healius has a robust risk management framework and,Carbon emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2 are reported
processes which incorporates climate related risks.,below for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. The
Oversight of the framework is provided by the Risk,carbon emissions were calculated using the Greenhouse
"Management Committee. The risk identification, analysis,",Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
"response, and monitoring processes are in accordance",Standard (2004) using the National Greenhouse Accounts
with Standards Australia AS/NZS ISO 31000:2018.,Emissions factors.
Management reports to the Risk Management Committee,
on key risks and the status of risk mitigation activities on a,Operational GHG emissions
quarterly basis.,"In FY 2025, the Group reported total gross Green"
,"House Gas (GHG) emissions of 35,759 tonnes of carbon"
There has been no change to this risk management,
,"dioxide equivalent (tCO2-e), comprising 5,703 tCO2-e"
framework during the year.,
,"as Scope 1 emissions and 30,056 tCO2-e as Scope 2"
The business has completed a focused review of climate,(location based)emissions.
related risks.,
,Consolidation approach
"• 
The climate risks identified during this review have",
been assessed within the risk framework.,"In measuring GHG emissions, the Group has employed an"
"• 
Potential climate risks have been recorded on the risk",operational control consolidation approach as defined by
register with assigned owners. These risks will be,the GHG Protocol to define the organisational boundary.
monitored and reported within the defined process.,This aligns with the basis of consolidation used for the
,financial statements and includes emissions from the
"• 
It is acknowledged that climate risk also acts to amplify",
,Lumus Imaging business until it was disposed (1 May 2025).
the impact of other business risks.,
,Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to the direct GHG emissions
Climate Transition Plan,
,that occur from sources owned or controlled by the
The careful and measured use of resources continues,Group. The courier fleet are the primary source of Scope 1
to underpin the approach to sustainability. Activities,emissions for the business.
"to reduce carbon emissions, and energy use and",
,Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to indirect GHG emissions
improvements in waste management processes are,
,from the generation of electricity acquired and consumed
"ongoing, as described further below. As part of usual",
,by the Group. The Group’s Scope 2 GHG emissions are
"business processes, the Group continues to monitor",
,"measured using the location – based method, which"
for opportunities to decarbonise the business at a,
,reflects the average emissions factors of the electricity
sustainable rate.,
,grids on which the Group consumes electricity.
"In FY 2026, Healius will continue to build on its progress",
,"In instances where activity data is unavailable, for example"
under the original emissions reduction road map as it,
,leased co-located collection centres without separate
updates its Climate Change Transition Plan.,
,"electricity metering, an estimate has been used to"
,calculate the relevant Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

=== Table 2 (page 95) ===
"Scope 1 and 2 emissions are measured by either internal or external data sources, factoring in measurement uncertainty and",,,,,
data quality.,,,,,
SCOPE,EMISSIONS,ACTIVITY,DATA SOURCE,GWP AND,"METHODOLOGY, DATA QUALITY AND"
,CATEGORY,,,EF SOURCE 3,UNCERTAINTY
Scope 1,Transport,Courier fleet,Fuel Purchase,EF sourced from,Quantity of fuel consumed multiplied by
,Combustion,,transaction history,published National,the associated emission factor for each
,,,,Greenhouse,fuel type
,,,,Accounts for 2024,
Scope 2,Purchased,Electricity,(i) Usage from,EF sourced from,Location based method. High quality data
,electricity,consumption,invoices,published National,
,,,,Greenhouse,
,,,,Accounts for 2024,
,,,(ii) Estimates,EF sourced from,Location based method. Average usage
,,,based on site,published National,calculated from sites with available
,,,size and known,Greenhouse,usage data
,,,rates electricity,Accounts for 2024,
,,,,,Applied to sites without usage data in
,,,consumption,,
,,,,,order to estimate emissions

=== Table 3 (page 95) ===
1,FY 2024 volumes have been restated to align with current year methodology.
2,Scope 2 – Indirect emissions include estimates for sites that do not have actual usage data available. FY 2024 has been recalculated and
,restated on the same basis.
3,"Global Warming Potential (GWP) quantifies the impact a gas has on atmospheric warming over a specific period, relative to carbon"
,"dioxide (CO2). Emission Factor (EF) is a coefficient that indicates the quantity of a greenhouse gas emitted per unit of activity, such as fuel"
,combustion or electricity consumption.

=== Table 4 (page 96) ===
Targets,,
Healius is currently in the process of reassessing its climate related targets. The table below outlines targets,,
previously established.,,
,CONVERSION OF 50% OF THE FLEET,100% RENEWABLE ENERGY AT ALL
TARGET,TO HYBRID CARS,INDEPENDENT SITES BY FY 2026
Objective,To reduce Scope 1 emissions,Reduce Scope 2 emissions
,generated by the courier fleet,
Scope,Applies to the internal courier fleet,Applies to all independent sites
Period,2022–2026,2022–2026
Base period,2022,2022
Target Type,Intensity,Intensity
Alignment with jurisdictional commitment,Informed by the international climate,Informed by the international climate
,agreement (Paris),agreement (Paris)
Review Process,This target is monitored by,This target is monitored by
,management,management
Metrics for monitoring progress,% of fleet converted,% of independent sites covered by
,,a renewable energy agreement
Revisions,No revisions during the year,No revisions during the year
Progress achieved during the year,917 vehicles in the fleet,The power purchasing agreement
,"In FY 2025, 43 hybrid vehicles were",(PPA) signed in January 2024 was in
,acquired increasing the total to 228,operation throughout FY 2025. Under
,in fleet which equates to 25%,"this agreement, 100% of electricity"
,,from renewable sources was supplied
,,to Healius’s large market sites locations

=== Table 5 (page 105) ===
Our Communities (continued),
Respecting human rights and,United Nations Sustainable
responsible sourcing,Development Goals
"At Healius, we are committed to respecting all human",Healius has identified seven Sustainable Development
"rights, including the right to be free from slavery,",Goals (SDGs) that best correspond to our priority
"exploitation, forced labour, forced marriage, debt","sustainability focus areas, based on two primary criteria:"
"bondage, domestic servitude, deceptive recruitment",areas where we can make the most significant positive
"for labour, human trafficking, unlawful child labour, and","contribution, and areas where we can minimise potential"
any other form of illegal or unethical labour or human,negative impacts arising from our current activities.
"practices, with zero tolerance for modern slavery or",
"abuses of human rights of any kind, whether direct",
,OUR POSITIVE IMPACTS
or complicit.,
,Where we can contribute the most
Healius recognises that responsible sourcing is,
fundamental to ensuring a sustainable ecosystem for the,
products and services consumed within our operations.,
"We have taken a risk-based approach in identifying,",
assessing and managing modern slavery risk within our,"At Healius, our purpose is to provide care for health and"
"supply chain, focusing initially on our Tier 1 suppliers",wellbeing at every stage of life. Being a market leading
and strategic partners. Healius’ Procurement Policy in,"healthcare company that strives to provide quality,"
conjunction with our Supplier Code of Conduct forms,"accessible and affordable healthcare for all, “Good Health"
the framework to ensure that our procurement activities,and Well‑Being” and “Reduced Inequalities” are the
"are conducted commercially, ethically and sustainably,",goals where we can have the most beneficial impact and
while we look to further embed this within our operations,contribution to society.
more broadly.,
,"Additionally, our people are core to the delivery and"
More information will be available in our 2025 Modern,provision of healthcare services and an integral part of
Slavery Statement.,our value chain. We strive to create a working environment
,"where they have the right tools, support and opportunities"
,to bring out their best. This underscores our commitment
"University partnerships, medical","to goals around “Gender Equality, Decent Work"
,"Environment, and Innovation”."
"student placements, and training",
,OUR NEGATIVE IMPACTS
and research activities,
"The Group is committed to supporting training, research",Where we want to minimise risk and our potential
and professional development. It hosts educational,adverse effects
"activities throughout Australia, in collaboration with:",
"• 
Educational entities,",
"• 
Public hospitals,",
"• 
Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia (RCPA),",
,Our main risk areas relate to responsible consumption
and,
,of resources and the associated environmental impact
"• 
State Health Educational Authorities.",(predominately carbon emissions from fuel and energy
,consumption). To facilitate accessibility to healthcare
Healius runs a range of registrar programs throughout,
,"services, it is necessary for Healius to operate a diverse"
the country in support of trainee pathologists. It also,
,property portfolio of collection centres and to manage a
provides specialty training to assist with the attainment,
,"courier fleet of almost 1,000 vehicles to ensure specimens"
of fellowships of the RCPA. These programs are funded,
,are collected and brought back to our laboratory for
either by Healius or by medical colleges where Healius,
,"testing in a timely and secure manner. Currently, our"
Pathology is the accredited trainer.,
,fleet is primarily petrol-based and the main contributor of
"In memory of the late Dr Melody Caramins, who was",our Scope 1 carbon emissions. Healius aims to continue
"Healius Pathology’s National Director of Genetics, Healius",reducing the negative impact that this activity has on the
Pathology provides an annual grant through the RCPA,environment through the continued conversion of fleet to
Foundation to support trainees and early career Fellows in,hybrid vehicles.
broadening and enhancing their training and experience in,
,"Similarly, a key component is our consumption of energy"
Genetic Pathology.,
,(mainly electricity purchased from the grid) to ensure our
,"facilities continue to run, and the primary contributor of"
,our Scope 2 carbon emissions.
,Responsible consumption often focuses on what we use
,"and take into our operations, however the other aspect is"
,the creation of waste by-products from those processes.
,"At Healius, medical and clinical waste (a common"
,by-product within the healthcare industry) is another
,focus area where we aim to reduce our negative impact.