=== Page 94 ===
Sustainability Report
for the year ended 30 June 2025Summary of Climate related Risks and Opportunities (continued)
Climate Related Opportunities
OPPORTUNITY DETAILS
Service offerings New types of pathology tests emerging due to environmental changes.
Higher volume in existing test types resulting from climate related events or changes 
in conditions.
Sustainable business practicesCompetitive advantage in commercial tendering activities. 
Cost savings through energy conservation and waste reduction.
Risk Management 
Healius has a robust risk management framework and 
processes which incorporates climate related risks. 
Oversight of the framework is provided by the Risk 
Management Committee. The risk identification, analysis, 
response, and monitoring processes are in accordance 
with Standards Australia AS/NZS ISO 31000:2018. 
Management reports to the Risk Management Committee 
on key risks and the status of risk mitigation activities on a 
quarterly basis.
There has been no change to this risk management 
framework during the year. 
The business has completed a focused review of climate 
related risks.
• The climate risks identified during this review have 
been assessed within the risk framework. 
• Potential climate risks have been recorded on the risk 
register with assigned owners. These risks will be 
monitored and reported within the defined process.
• It is acknowledged that climate risk also acts to amplify 
the impact of other business risks.
Climate Transition Plan
The careful and measured use of resources continues 
to underpin the approach to sustainability. Activities 
to reduce carbon emissions, and energy use and 
improvements in waste management processes are 
ongoing, as described further below. As part of usual 
business processes, the Group continues to monitor 
for opportunities to decarbonise the business at a 
sustainable  rate. 
In FY 2026, Healius will continue to build on its progress 
under the original emissions reduction road map as it 
updates its Climate Change Transition Plan.Metrics
Carbon emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2 are reported 
below for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. The 
carbon emissions were calculated using the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (2004) using the National Greenhouse Accounts 
Emissions  factors.
Operational GHG emissions
In FY 2025, the Group reported total gross Green 
House Gas (GHG) emissions of 35,759 tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (tCO 2-e), comprising 5,703 tCO 2-e 
as Scope 1 emissions and 30,056 tCO 2-e as Scope 2 
(location  based)emissions.
Consolidation approach 
In measuring GHG emissions, the Group has employed an 
operational control consolidation approach as defined by 
the GHG Protocol to define the organisational boundary. 
This aligns with the basis of consolidation used for the 
financial statements and includes emissions from the 
Lumus Imaging business until it was disposed (1 May 2025).
Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to the direct GHG emissions 
that occur from sources owned or controlled by the 
Group. The courier fleet are the primary source of Scope 1 
emissions for the business. 
Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to indirect GHG emissions 
from the generation of electricity acquired and consumed 
by the Group. The Group’s Scope 2 GHG emissions are 
measured using the location – based method, which 
reflects the average emissions factors of the electricity 
grids on which the Group consumes electricity.
In instances where activity data is unavailable, for example 
leased co-located collection centres without separate 
electricity metering, an estimate has been used to 
calculate the relevant Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
92

=== Page 95 ===
Sustainability Report
for the year ended 30 June 2025Metrics  (continued)
Key metrics
SCOPEFY 2025  
(tCO 2-e)FY 2024 1 
(tCO 2-e) CHG %
Scope 1 – Direct emissions 5,703 5,878 (3.0%)
Scope 2 – Indirect emissions (location based) 230,056 32,829 (8.4%)
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions 35,759 38,707 (7.6%)
Large Scale Generation Certificates (LGCs)
In respect of scope 2 emissions, Large Scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) were surrendered by Iberdrola and Origin on 
behalf of Healius. The certificates issued by Iberdrola relate to generation that occurred in calendar year 2024 at Iberdrola’s 
Lake Bonney Wind Farms. The surrendered certificates correspond to 17,263 megawatt-hours of electricity consumption 
having an estimated net carbon dioxide emission of zero tonnes. Healius also purchased 5,000 LGCs from Origin Energy for 
electricity generated at the Mt Mercer Wind Farm in VIC in calendar year 2024. These were voluntarily surrendered by Origin, 
on behalf of Healius, in 2025. 
GENERATOR LGCS
Iberdrola 17,263
Origin 5,000
Total LGCs voluntarily surrendered 22,263
LGCs surrendered accounts for approximately 74% of the total electricity consumption (including sites that have 
estimated  emissions).
Methodology for the calculation of GHG Emissions 
The Group follows the guideline and methodologies contained in the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol: Corporate Reporting 
Standard (2004). Emissions have been measured using the operational control approach as the operational control approach 
assumes accountability for emissions produced directly or indirectly through its activities. These boundaries reflect all the 
operations within the consolidated group where it has the authority to introduce and implement operating policies.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions are measured by either internal or external data sources, factoring in measurement uncertainty and 
data quality.
SCOPE EMISSIONS  
CATEGORYACTIVITY DATA SOURCE GWP AND  
EF SOURCE 3METHODOLOGY, DATA QUALITY AND 
UNCERTAINTY
Scope 1 Transport 
CombustionCourier fleet Fuel Purchase 
transaction historyEF sourced from 
published National 
Greenhouse 
Accounts for 2024Quantity of fuel consumed multiplied by 
the associated emission factor for each 
fuel type
Scope 2 Purchased 
electricityElectricity 
consumption(i) Usage from 
invoicesEF sourced from 
published National 
Greenhouse 
Accounts for 2024Location based method. High quality data
(ii) Estimates 
based on site 
size and known 
rates electricity 
consumptionEF sourced from 
published National 
Greenhouse 
Accounts for 2024Location based method. Average usage 
calculated from sites with available 
usage  data
Applied to sites without usage data in 
order to estimate emissions
1 FY 2024 volumes have been restated to align with current year methodology.
2 Scope 2 – Indirect emissions include estimates for sites that do not have actual usage data available. FY 2024 has been recalculated and 
restated on the same basis.
3 Global Warming Potential (GWP) quantifies the impact a gas has on atmospheric warming over a specific period, relative to carbon 
dioxide (CO 2). Emission Factor (EF) is a coefficient that indicates the quantity of a greenhouse gas emitted per unit of activity, such as fuel 
combustion or electricity consumption.
93
Sustainability ReportHEALIUS ANNUAL REPORT 2025

=== Page 96 ===
Sustainability Report
for the year ended 30 June 2025Targets
Healius is currently in the process of reassessing its climate related targets. The table below outlines targets 
previously  established.
TARGETCONVERSION OF 50% OF THE FLEET  
TO HYBRID CARS 100% RENEWABLE ENERGY AT ALL 
INDEPENDENT SITES BY FY 2026
Objective To reduce Scope 1 emissions 
generated by the courier fleet Reduce Scope 2 emissions
Scope Applies to the internal courier fleet Applies to all independent sites 
Period 2022–2026 2022–2026
Base period 2022 2022
Target Type Intensity Intensity
Alignment with jurisdictional commitment Informed by the international climate 
agreement (Paris) Informed by the international climate 
agreement (Paris)
Review Process This target is monitored by 
management This target is monitored by 
management
Metrics for monitoring progress % of fleet converted % of independent sites covered by 
a renewable energy agreement
Revisions No revisions during the year No revisions during the year
Progress achieved during the year 917 vehicles in the fleet  
In FY 2025, 43 hybrid vehicles were 
acquired increasing the total to 228 
in fleet which equates to 25%The power purchasing agreement 
(PPA) signed in January 2024 was in 
operation throughout FY 2025. Under 
this agreement, 100% of electricity 
from renewable sources was supplied 
to Healius’s large market sites locations 
94

=== Page 105 ===
Sustainability Report
for the year ended 30 June 2025Our Communities (continued)
Respecting human rights and 
responsible sourcing
At Healius, we are committed to respecting all human 
rights, including the right to be free from slavery, 
exploitation, forced labour, forced marriage, debt 
bondage, domestic servitude, deceptive recruitment 
for labour, human trafficking, unlawful child labour, and 
any other form of illegal or unethical labour or human 
practices, with zero tolerance for modern slavery or 
abuses of human rights of any kind, whether direct 
or complicit.
Healius recognises that responsible sourcing is 
fundamental to ensuring a sustainable ecosystem for the 
products and services consumed within our operations. 
We have taken a risk -based approach in identifying, 
assessing and managing modern slavery risk within our 
supply chain, focusing initially on our Tier 1 suppliers 
and strategic partners. Healius’ Procurement Policy in 
conjunction with our Supplier Code of Conduct forms 
the framework to ensure that our procurement activities 
are conducted commercially, ethically and sustainably, 
while we look to further embed this within our operations 
more  broadly.
More information will be available in our 2025 Modern 
Slavery Statement.
University partnerships, medical 
student placements, and training 
and research activities
The Group is committed to supporting training, research 
and professional development. It hosts educational 
activities throughout Australia, in collaboration with: 
• Educational entities,
• Public hospitals,
• Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia (RCPA), 
and
• State Health Educational Authorities.
Healius runs a range of registrar programs throughout 
the country in support of trainee pathologists. It also 
provides specialty training to assist with the attainment 
of fellowships of the RCPA. These programs are funded 
either by Healius or by medical colleges where Healius 
Pathology is the accredited trainer.
In memory of the late Dr Melody Caramins, who was 
Healius Pathology’s National Director of Genetics, Healius 
Pathology provides an annual grant through the RCPA 
Foundation to support trainees and early career Fellows in 
broadening and enhancing their training and experience in 
Genetic Pathology. United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals
Healius has identified seven Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) that best correspond to our priority 
sustainability focus areas, based on two primary criteria: 
areas where we can make the most significant positive 
contribution, and areas where we can minimise potential 
negative impacts arising from our current activities.
OUR POSITIVE IMPACTS
Where we can contribute the most
At Healius, our purpose is to provide care for health and 
wellbeing at every stage of life. Being a market leading 
healthcare company that strives to provide quality, 
accessible and affordable healthcare for all, “Good Health 
and Well‑Being” and “Reduced Inequalities” are the 
goals where we can have the most beneficial impact and 
contribution to society.
Additionally, our people are core to the delivery and 
provision of healthcare services and an integral part of 
our value chain. We strive to create a working environment 
where they have the right tools, support and opportunities 
to bring out their best. This underscores our commitment 
to goals around “Gender Equality, Decent Work 
Environment, and  Innovation”.
OUR NEGATIVE IMPACTS
Where we want to minimise risk and our potential 
adverse effects
Our main risk areas relate to responsible consumption 
of resources and the associated environmental impact 
(predominately carbon emissions from fuel and energy 
consumption). To facilitate accessibility to healthcare 
services, it is necessary for Healius to operate a diverse 
property portfolio of collection centres and to manage a 
courier fleet of almost 1,000 vehicles to ensure specimens 
are collected and brought back to our laboratory for 
testing in a timely and secure manner. Currently, our 
fleet is primarily petrol -based and the main contributor of 
our Scope 1 carbon emissions. Healius aims to continue 
reducing the negative impact that this activity has on the 
environment through the continued conversion of fleet to 
hybrid vehicles.
Similarly, a key component is our consumption of energy 
(mainly electricity purchased from the grid) to ensure our 
facilities continue to run, and the primary contributor of 
our Scope 2 carbon emissions.
Responsible consumption often focuses on what we use 
and take into our operations, however the other aspect is 
the creation of waste by -products from those processes. 
At Healius, medical and clinical waste (a common 
by-product within the healthcare industry) is another 
focus area where we aim to reduce our negative impact.
103
Sustainability ReportHEALIUS ANNUAL REPORT 2025