=== Table 1 (page 16) ===
,,FY27 and Beyond
,FY25 (Completed),FY26 (Planned)
,,(Strategic Direction)
,● Completed benchmarking,"●
 ● Establish global baseline and 
Implement and submit"
Emissions,,
,global Scope 1-3 GHG,"reduction targets  
reduction initiatives"
,emissions for FY24,"in preparation for  
aligned with SBTi"
,,SBTi submission
,● Recertified Climate Active,● Explore carbon offset
,(carbon neutral),"● Begin forecasting emissions 
opportunities for"
,,"trajectory incl. Scope 3
hard-to-abate emissions"
,,"● Begin preparation of a  
 ● Embed and implement"
,,"climate transition plan
climate transition plan"
,● Supported our customers,● Continue advancing sustainable product offerings
Product innovation,,
,net-zero journey’s through,
,product innovation,
,● Conducted AASB S2,"● Sustainability Report in 
 ● Enhance reporting to better"
Reporting and,,
,readiness assessment,"alignment with ASRS S2 
align with frameworks"
frameworks,,
,,"(GRI, ISSB, ASRS)"
,,● Begin preparations for an
,,"Environmental Management 
 ● Continue ISO 14001"
,,"System in line with ISO 14001
preparation"
,● Refreshed materiality,● Ongoing updates based on materiality and regulatory reviews
Materiality and,,
,assessment with internal,
stakeholder engagement,,

=== Table 2 (page 17) ===
FY25 ROADMAP PROGRESS,,,
Supplier Assessment,Sustainability Databook,Sustainability Strategy,GHG Emissions
In FY24 we launched our,We defined key sustainability,Hansen’s Sustainability,Completed benchmarking of
Supplier Code of Conduct,metrics and incorporated,Strategy was formally,"our FY24 global Scope 1, 2,"
seeking supplier alignment,them into a detailed,"introduced, aligning",and 3 GHG emissions. This
with the code.,"Sustainability Databook,",business operations with,provides a critical foundation
,ensuring transparency and,long-term sustainability,for our future plans to set
"In FY25, we initiated a",,,
,structured reporting.,objectives. This initiative,science-based emissions
sustainability assessment,,,
,,involved company wide,reduction targets and
of our largest suppliers,This document seeks to,,
,,engagement. These activities,helps refine our long-term
"by spend, to identify risks",provide stakeholders with a,,
,,continue to be supported by,decarbonisation strategy
and opportunities across,comprehensive view of our,,
,,our codes and policies.,and climate transition plan.
our supply chain.,"sustainability performance,",,
,tracking progress against,,
This process helped,,,
,established benchmarks,,
establish a baseline,,,
,and enhancing our,,
"understanding, laying",,,
,reporting transparency,,
the groundwork for,,,
,and capabilities.,,
future expansion of,,,
the assessment and,,,
engagement program.,,,
,,ASRS Readiness,
Climate Active,Climate Scenarios,Assessment,Material Topics
We successfully recertified,Utilising independent,To align with evolving global,A refreshed materiality
with Climate Active in FY24,"experts, a comprehensive",sustainability reporting,assessment was undertaken
for our Australian Operations.,climate scenario analysis,"requirements, we conducted",with broad internal and
,was conducted to assess,an AASB S2 readiness,external stakeholder
Hansen’s focus will begin,,,
,high-priority risks and,assessment and enhanced,engagement across
to shift from Climate,,,
,opportunities related,our sustainability reporting,our global operations.
Active carbon neutral,,,
,to climate change. This,structure. This process,This process helped identify
certification to establishing,,,
,analysis enables proactive,ensures that our disclosures,and prioritise the most
an emissions reduction,,,
,risk management and,"remain transparent,","significant Environmental,"
pathway aligned with the,,,
,"strategic planning, ensuring","robust, and progressively",Social and Governance
Science-Based Targets,,,
,that our business remains,aligned with emerging,"(ESG) topics, ensuring that"
initiative (SBTi) principles.,,,
,resilient in a transitioning,international standards.,our sustainability strategy
,global economy.,,and reporting remains
While offsetting remains,,,
,,,aligned with Hansen’s
an option for hard-to-abate,,,
,,,broader business strategy
"emissions in the future,",,,
,,,and reflects the expectations
our immediate priority,,,
,,,"of investors, customers,"
is on measurable,,,
,,,and regulatory bodies.
emissions reductions.,,,

=== Table 3 (page 48) ===
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT CONTINUED,,
Key Findings,,
Physical Risks:,,
"Under both scenarios, Hansen’s operations may be affected by climate-related hazards including rising temperatures,",,
"rainfall variability, and sea level rise. The high emissions scenario presents greater physical risk exposure, including:",,
● Europe: +3.1°C warming by 2060,,
● South Asia: +9.3% increase in rainfall,,
● Coastal sites: Up to +0.23m sea level rise by 2050,,
"These changes elevate chronic risks, including risks of flooding, infrastructure stress, and heat-related productivity losses,",,
"particularly in Vietnam, India, Europe, and North America.",,
Transition Risks and Opportunities:,,
"Under the low emissions scenario, accelerated decarbonisation and digitisation are expected to drive strong global demand",,
"for Hansen’s software solutions, including billing, DER management, and grid analytics. Supporting trends include:",,
●,Investor preference for low-carbon technologies,
● Strong regulatory signals in Europe and Australia,,
● Market growth of digital utilities at 9.5% CAGR to 2030,,
"Under the high emissions scenario, policy progress is fragmented, with fossil fuels remaining dominant in many regions.",,
Impacts include:,,
"● Slower client decarbonisation, with fewer use cases related to complex renewable energy systems",,
"● Continued software uptake, but with reduced demand for advanced functionality tied to renewables integration",,
●,"Increased exposure to Scope 2 emissions, especially in India and Vietnam",
● Reduced growth in the digital utility market (5.2% CAGR to 2030),,
Operational Resilience,,
Operational and Strategic Resilience,,
"Hansen’s remote-enabled, cloud-based delivery model reduces its exposure to physical climate risks such as localised",,
"flooding, storm damage, or extreme temperatures. Although offices in Pune, Ho Chi Minh City, and Melbourne may experience",,
"climate-related disruption under the high emissions scenario, Hansen’s distributed workforce, business continuity planning,",,
and flexible leasing arrangements enhance resilience. Hansen’s products are designed to support long-term energy system,,
"transformation, ensuring strategic relevance across both emissions scenarios.",,
Capacity to Adapt and Financial Implications,,
"Hansen’s modular and scaleable software suite allows the company to adapt quickly to evolving client needs, policy changes, and market",,
dynamics across jurisdictions. This agility is further supported by its low reliance on high-emission assets or long-lived infrastructure.,,
A full emissions assessment has been calculated for FY24 only at this stage but Hansen has planned for a formal emissions,,
reduction strategy and climate transition plan to commence in FY26.,,
"While Hansen has not yet publicly disclosed quantitative data on capital allocation for climate adaptation, its SaaS-driven,",,
relatively low capital intensity model offers flexibility to redirect resources as needed.,,
Hansen has limited exposure to owned high-risk infrastructure. While leased offices and outsourced data centres provide some,,
"protection from physical risks (supported by contracts that typically include flexible exit or upgrade clauses), these facilities remain",,
part of Hansen’s broader value chain. The use of outsourced data centres means that Hansen retains indirect exposure to climate,,
"risks affecting data centre infrastructure. However, the contracted data centre providers have committed to a comprehensive",,
"climate resilience strategy, including renewable energy targets and physical risk assessments, which helps mitigate this exposure.",,
"Hansen’s current investment priorities include enhancing its product suite in DER management, real-time analytics, and",,
customer-centric energy services—areas that support decarbonisation and grid modernisation.,,
Uncertainties and Limitations,,
"Model Assumptions: The scenarios rely on IPCC CMIP6 SSP-RCP and IEA pathways, which assume future socioeconomic and",,
policy developments that may diverge in practice.,,
"Physical Risk Projections: Sea level rise, extreme weather, and tipping point events (e.g. ice sheet loss) are subject to uncertainty",,
due to model limitations.,,
"Transition Risk Timing: The feasibility and timing of the NZE scenario is highly uncertain, requiring coordinated global action not",,
yet evident.,,
Hansen Technologies Ltd,46,Annual Report 2025

=== Table 4 (page 50) ===
FY24 GHG protocol summary – Market-based (tCO2-e )(1),,,,
,Americas,APAC,EMEA,Global
Scope 1(2),–,77.8,7.8,85.6
Scope 2(3),30.9,"1,568.3",32.1,"1,631.3"
Business travel,502.0,965.5,249.0,"1,716.5"
Capital goods,102.0,376.1,149.8,627.8
Employee commuting,144.1,478.2,377.9,"1,000.2"
Fuel and energy related activities,3.6,190.0,12.8,206.4
Purchased goods & services,"1,873.8","3,864.1","1,801.9","7,539.9"
Upstream leased assets,111.7,52.8,21.9,186.5
Waste generated in operations,87.4,7.3,6.2,100.9
Scope 3(4),"2,824.6","5,934.0","2,619.5","11,378.2"
Total,"2,855.5","7,580.1","2,659.4","13,095.0"

=== Table 5 (page 59) ===
Artificial Intelligence (AI) integration
"During the year, Hansen made significant progress embedding AI across our operations and product portfolio. AI is now a core"
"enabler of our technology roadmap, delivering productivity improvements, automation efficiencies, and enhanced scalability."
"Hansen is applying AI across its entire value chain, including testing, documentation, software development and product"
"enhancement. This is reducing time-to-market, improving quality, and optimising resource use."
"On the product side, AI is enhancing the customer experience through predictive analytics, self-service capabilities, and"
optimisation of key utility processes such as power trading.
"Looking forward, Hansen expects deeper AI integration to support R&D efficiency, customer engagement, and structural cost"
"savings, helping to drive sustained margin expansion and long-term competitive advantage."
Sustainability
"In FY25, Hansen advanced its global Sustainability Strategy, with key highlights presented within this Annual Report on page 15."
"The Sustainability Strategy is aligned with the UN Global Compact principles and the UN Sustainable Development Goals, and"
Hansen continues to prepare for the progressive adoption of the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) ahead
of mandatory timelines.
"Hansen’s Australian operations remained carbon neutral for the fourth consecutive year. In addition to this, during FY25 Hansen"
"achieved its Australian Operations emissions intensity reduction target of 40%, two years ahead of schedule. The Company"
has benchmarked its global Scope 1-3 GHG emissions retrospectively for FY24 and completed a climate scenario analysis
"in readiness for ASRS reporting requirements. By establishing a global GHG baseline, Hansen is laying the foundation for"
science-based reduction targets and a climate transition plan that reflects the full scale of our operations and value chain.
"Hansen strengthened its responsible sourcing practices through a targeted ESG assessment of key suppliers. Internally, the"
"company continued to assess its gender diversity at leadership levels and foster a culture focused on safety, inclusion, and"
"wellbeing. Hansen’s approach to ethical business conduct is underpinned by its Code of Conduct, strong data governance,"
and cybersecurity frameworks.
"During the year, Hansen was recognised with the EcoVadis ‘Committed’ badge and received an AA ESG rating from Morgan"
"Stanley Capital International (MSCI), placing it among industry leaders in sustainability performance. These achievements reflect"
Hansen’s long-standing commitment to responsible and ethical growth and its preparation for evolving global reporting expectations.
The Group’s operations are not subject to any significant environmental Commonwealth or state regulations or laws.
Corporate governance statement
Hansen and the Board are committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards of corporate governance.
"A description of the Group’s current corporate governance practices is set out in the Group’s corporate governance statement,"
which can be viewed on Hansen’s website.
Dividends paid and declared
"A final dividend of 5 cents per share has been declared, partially franked to 2.5 cents per share, comprising of a regular"
"dividend of 5 cents per share. The final dividend was announced to the market on 20 August 2025, with payment to be made"
on 19 September 2025. The amount declared has not been recognised as a liability in the accounts of the Company as at
30 June 2025.
"Dividends paid during the year, excluding dividends reinvested as part of the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP):"
"•  5 cents per share partially franked to 3.3 cents dividend paid on 27 March 2025, totalling $9,490,381; and"
"•  5 cents per share partially franked to 2.1 cents final dividend paid on 20 September 2024, totalling $9,406,590."
This is consistent with the Board’s capital management policy that balances growth through acquisitions against the payment
of dividends.