=== Page 5 ===
3
Annual Report 2025 Hansen Technologies Ltd$72.6m
Up 22.9%OPERATING CASH FLOW
0.2x
Sufficient capital for further 
acquisition opportunitiesLEVERAGE RATIODriving Growth Through 
Customer Success
Recent customer wins reflect strong demand  
for Hansen’s scalable, mission-critical software. 
These wins reinforce our competitive position, 
extend our recurring revenue base, and  
highlight our ability to deliver value in complex, 
evolving markets.
Industry-specific Technology – 
Powered by Innovation  
and Intelligence
In FY25 approximately $34.5m was invested in R&D, 
with $18.3m capitalised and $16.2m expensed  
on continuous enhancements and operational 
improvements. Investment was directed toward 
cloud-native billing platforms, AI-powered 
engagement tools, and modular market-specific 
upgrades. Hansen’s global delivery centres in India, 
Vietnam, and Argentina enabled rapid development 
cycles, cost efficiency, and client-aligned outcomes.
Sustainability in Action: From 
Code to Supply Chain
Hansen’s commitment to sustainability is reflected 
in four years of carbon neutrality in Australia, early 
achievement of emissions targets, and global 
Green House Gas (GHG) benchmarking. We’re 
reducing impact through efficient code, low-waste 
devices, and supplier engagement. Our progress 
has been recognised with a Morgan Stanley  
Capital International (MSCI) Environmental,  
Social and Governance (ESG) upgrade to AA  
and an EcoVadis Committed Badge.

=== Page 12 ===
10
Annual Report 2025 Hansen Technologies LtdCHAIRPERSON AND MANAGING DIRECTOR JOINT REPORT CONTINUED  
Sustainability and responsible  
business practices
Hansen is proud to have reduced its Australian Operations 
carbon emissions by 40% since FY22. Our Australian 
operations have now maintained carbon neutrality for four 
consecutive years, and Hansen was recognised by EcoVadis 
with a ‘Committed’ badge for our global Environmental,  
Social and Governance (ESG) performance. In addition to this, 
in March 2025, Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) 
awarded Hansen with an AA rating placing us among industry 
leaders in sustainability performance. FY25 was also marked  
by our progressive alignment with the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) S1 and S2 sustainability reporting 
standards, reflecting our commitment to transparent, 
stakeholder-focused disclosure.
Performance overview
Hansen achieved Operating Revenue of $392.5m in FY25, 
representing a year-on-year increase of 11.2%. This growth 
reflects the success of the powercloud acquisition completed  
in February 2025 and increasing momentum across our 
Communications & Media vertical. While our top-line growth 
was modestly below initial guidance due to delayed project 
delivery, the underlying business remained robust, with strong 
recurring revenues and a healthy pipeline of future work.
Group Underlying EBITDA was $111.7m, (Underlying EBITDA 
Margin of 28.5%) and Cash EBITDA was $93.4m, (Cash EBITDA 
Margin of 23.8%). As expected in the first half of FY25, earnings 
were impacted by lower licence fee recognition and investment 
in resources to support growth opportunities in Europe and 
North America. The second half, however delivered a significant 
increase in earnings and cash flow, bolstered by new customer 
agreements and stronger licence fee contributions.
A$ Million FY25 FY24Variance  
(%)
Operating revenue  392.5  353.1  11.2% 
Underlying EBITDA(1), (2), (3) 111.7  92.4  20.9% 
Cash EBITDA(1), (2), (3), (4) 93.4  76.9  21.5% 
Underlying NPAT(5) 39.6  26.0  52.3% 
Underlying NPATA(6) 56.9  39.7  43.3% 
(1) The Directors believe the information additional to IFRS measures included in the 
report is relevant and useful in measuring the financial performance of the Group.
(2) EBITDA is a non-IFRS term, defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation, and excluding net foreign exchange gains (losses).
(3) Underlying EBITDA, excludes separately disclosed items, which represent  
the one-off costs during the period. Further details of the separately 
disclosed items are outlined in Note 4 to the Financial Report.
(4) Cash EBITDA is Underlying EBITDA less capitalised development costs.
(5) Underlying Net Profit After Tax attributable to members excludes separately 
disclosed items (net of tax). Further details of the separately disclosed items 
are outlined in Note 4 to the Financial Report.
(6) Underlying net profit after tax (adjusted) attributable to members excludes 
separately disclosed items and acquired amortisation (net of tax).  
Further details of the separately disclosed items are outlined in Note 4  
to the Financial Report.FY25 FY24 FY23 FY22392.5353.1
311.8 296.5307.7Operating Revenue ($m)
FY25 FY24 FY23 FY2293.4
76.9 78.484.7Cash EBITDA ($m)
 
Vertical financial overview
Energy & Utilites
A$ Million FY25 FY24Variance  
(%)
Revenue  221.2  204.2  8.3% 
Segment result  80.7  87.9  (8.2%) 
Contribution margin  36.5%  43.0% 
Communications & Media
A$ Million FY25 FY24Variance  
(%)
Revenue  171.3  148.9  15.0% 
Segment result  93.9  73.0  28.6% 
Contribution margin  54.8%  49.0%
FY25 FY24 FY23 FY22221.2204.2
164.7149.1171.3
148.9
147.1147.4
Energy & Utilities
Communications & MediaVertical Operating revenue ($m)

=== Page 14 ===
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY
At Hansen, sustainability is embedded in our strategy.  
We don’t just build market-leading software and services, 
we drive positive change in the Energy & Utilities and 
Communications & Media sectors.
Our sustainability journey reflects our ongoing commitment 
to environmental responsibility, diversity, good governance, 
and long-term value creation. As we look ahead, we remain 
focused on deepening our impact by embedding sustainable 
practices across our operations and driving positive change  
for our stakeholders and the communities we operate in. 
Building on our FY24 efforts, we have further incorporated and 
strengthened our global sustainability strategy and continued 
to integrate recognised sustainability reporting frameworks 
and guidelines into our approach. This report has been 
developed in line with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  
and we are evolving our climate-related disclosures with  
global and major jurisdictional reporting requirements.
We are committed to supporting our customers’ transition  
to net zero through innovative solutions while minimising 
our own environmental impact. Collaboration is essential to 
achieving the transformative change needed to limit global 
warming to 1.5°C, and we are actively working towards setting 
science based Greenhouse Gas (GHG) reduction targets.  
Our responsibility extends to fostering an inclusive workplace, 
strengthening our communities, and ensuring a resilient  
and ethical approach to business.
While full compliance will commence in FY27, we  
are progressively aligning our disclosures with the  
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard’s (ASRS), 
Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) S2 
disclosure expectations.
Andrew Hansen  
Global CEO and Managing DirectorAs we continue our phased approach towards  
net-zero, we have taken significant steps 
in understanding and mitigating our global 
environmental impact. I am proud to share that 
Hansen’s Australian operations have been certified 
carbon neutral for the fourth consecutive year. 
Moreover, we have achieved our emissions reduction 
targets by reducing the absolute emissions of 
our Australia operations by no less than 40%, 
demonstrating our firm commitment to sustainability.
In FY25, we expanded our efforts by conducting 
climate scenario analyses to assess potential  
risks and opportunities for Hansen under 
various climate-related conditions. We have also 
benchmarked our global FY24 GHG emissions 
retrospectively and begun surveying our suppliers  
on their own sustainability criteria.ACTING ON CLIMATE CHANGE  
AND THE ENVIRONMENT
GLOBAL CEO AND MANAGING  
DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE
12
Annual Report 2025 Hansen Technologies Ltd

=== Page 16 ===
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED
FY25 (Completed) FY26 (Planned)FY27 and Beyond  
(Strategic Direction) 
Emissions ●Completed benchmarking 
global Scope 1-3 GHG 
emissions for FY24
 ●Recertified Climate Active 
(carbon neutral) ●Establish global baseline and 
reduction targets  
in preparation for  
SBTi submission
 ●Begin forecasting emissions 
trajectory incl. Scope 3
 ●Begin preparation of a  
climate transition plan ●Implement and submit 
reduction initiatives  
aligned with SBTi
 ●Explore carbon offset 
opportunities for  
hard-to-abate emissions
 ●Embed and implement  
climate transition plan
Product innovation ●Supported our customers  
net-zero journey’s through 
product innovation ●Continue advancing sustainable product offerings
Reporting and 
frameworks ●Conducted AASB S2 
readiness assessment ●Sustainability Report in 
alignment with ASRS S2 
 ●Begin preparations for an 
Environmental Management 
System in line with ISO 14001 ●Enhance reporting to better 
align with frameworks  
(GRI, ISSB, ASRS)
 ●Continue ISO 14001 
preparation
Materiality and 
stakeholder engagement ●Refreshed materiality 
assessment with internal 
and external stakeholder 
engagement ●Ongoing updates based on materiality and regulatory reviews
Strategy integration ●Continued to embed our 
Sustainability Strategy  
across the organisation,  
in line with mandatory climate 
reporting requirements. ●Continue Sustainability 
Strategy rollout and further 
integrate with operations ●Evolve Sustainability Strategy 
in line with business and 
stakeholder expectations
Governance and risk ●Conducted global climate 
scenario analysis ●Evolve sustainability 
governance structures ●Maintain strong governance 
aligned with regulatory change
Supply chain ●Assessed our biggest 
suppliers for climate and 
sustainability risks ●Expand supplier sustainability 
assessment scope
 ●Attempt mitigate risks with 
potential high risk suppliers ●Collaborate with suppliers to 
reduce Scope 3 emissions 
and help mitigate social and 
governance risks
PERFORMANCE
Metric s ●Set key sustainability  
metrics and published 
Sustainability Databook ●Define and report Global 
Scope 1, 2, 3 GHG emissions ●Expand metrics, targets,  
and track completion rates
KPIs ●Completed EcoVadis 
Assessment
 ●Achieved AA Rating MSCI ●Complete annual EcoVadis 
Assessment ●Continue to evolve  
and improve annual  
EcoVadis AssessmentHANSEN’S SUSTAINABILITY ROADMAP
14
Annual Report 2025 Hansen Technologies Ltd

=== Page 17 ===
Supplier Assessment Sustainability Databook Sustainability Strategy GHG Emissions
In FY24 we launched our 
Supplier Code of Conduct 
seeking supplier alignment 
with the code.
In FY25, we initiated a 
sustainability assessment  
of our largest suppliers  
by spend, to identify risks 
and opportunities across 
our supply chain.
This process helped 
establish a baseline 
understanding, laying 
the groundwork for 
future expansion of 
the assessment and 
engagement program.We defined key sustainability 
metrics and incorporated 
them into a detailed 
Sustainability Databook, 
ensuring transparency and 
structured reporting. 
This document seeks to 
provide stakeholders with a 
comprehensive view of our 
sustainability performance, 
tracking progress against 
established benchmarks 
and enhancing our  
reporting transparency  
and capabilities.Hansen’s Sustainability 
Strategy was formally 
introduced, aligning 
business operations with 
long-term sustainability 
objectives. This initiative 
involved company wide 
engagement. These activities 
continue to be supported by 
our codes and policies.Completed benchmarking of 
our FY24 global Scope 1, 2, 
and 3 GHG emissions. This 
provides a critical foundation 
for our future plans to set 
science-based emissions 
reduction targets and 
helps refine our long-term 
decarbonisation strategy 
and climate transition plan.
Climate Active Climate ScenariosASRS Readiness 
Assessment Material Topics
We successfully recertified 
with Climate Active in FY24 
for our Australian Operations. 
Hansen’s focus will begin  
to shift from Climate  
Active carbon neutral 
certification to establishing  
an emissions reduction 
pathway aligned with the 
Science-Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) principles.
While offsetting remains  
an option for hard-to-abate 
emissions in the future,  
our immediate priority  
is on measurable  
emissions reductions.Utilising independent 
experts, a comprehensive 
climate scenario analysis 
was conducted to assess 
high-priority risks and 
opportunities related  
to climate change. This 
analysis enables proactive 
risk management and 
strategic planning, ensuring 
that our business remains 
resilient in a transitioning 
global economy.To align with evolving global 
sustainability reporting 
requirements, we conducted 
an AASB S2 readiness 
assessment and enhanced 
our sustainability reporting 
structure. This process 
ensures that our disclosures 
remain transparent,  
robust, and progressively 
aligned with emerging 
international standards.A refreshed materiality 
assessment was undertaken 
with broad internal and 
external stakeholder 
engagement across  
our global operations.  
This process helped identify 
and prioritise the most 
significant Environmental, 
Social and Governance 
(ESG) topics, ensuring that 
our sustainability strategy 
and reporting remains 
aligned with Hansen’s 
broader business strategy 
and reflects the expectations 
of investors, customers,  
and regulatory bodies.FY25 ROADMAP PROGRESS
Sandro Peluso Vitznauerstock with view of 
Lake Lucerne Switzerland
15
Annual Report 2025 Hansen Technologies Ltd