=== Page 3 ===
Delivering on our 
sustainability objectives
highest NPS as rated 
by platform users1Achieved
‘whole of company’ 
gender diversity targetsAchieved
100% of employees 
completed business  
ethics and integrity  
trainingContinued compliance with ASX 
Corporate Governance principles and
100% compliance  
with ISO 27001Continued investment in cyber security 
capability and training and maintainedbest Platform Overall 
by advisers2And rated
78%
(962 FTE)⁴Increased employee engagement toour community contribution 
and employee engagementIncreased
scope 1 and 2 emission 
reduction. Opted into 
GreenPower renewable energy 
across all properties3Demonstrated progress on
1. HUB24 achieved the highest 
Net Promoter Score and ranked 
first for platform advocacy in the 
Investment Trends 2025 Adviser 
Technology Needs Report.
2. HUB24 was ranked highest for 
Platform NPS in the Adviser 
Ratings Australian Financial Advice 
Landscape Report 2025 and Best 
Platform Overall in the Investment 
Trends 2024 Platform Competitive 
Analysis and Benchmarking Report.
3. Greenpower opt-in relates to 
properties where we control the 
choice of energy supplier / type.
4. Full time equivalent, as at 
June 30 2025.
Letter from our MD & CEO Sustainability at HUB24 Our ESG key focus areas and progress Conclusion01

=== Page 4 ===
Letter from our Managing Director & CEO
Andrew Alcock
CEO and Managing Director, HUB24 LimitedOn behalf of HUB24, I am pleased to 
present our Sustainability Report (Report) 
for FY25, detailing our progress this year 
towards our Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) focus areas.
At HUB24 we recognise the importance of sustainability and remain 
committed to evolving our sustainability strategy so it continues to reflect 
our business priorities, meet the expectations of our stakeholders and the 
broader community, and remains true to our company values.
In FY25, we made strong progress building on our existing 
foundations and continuing to embed sustainability into our 
operations and decision making. This included reaffirming our 
commitment to the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and aligning 
our approach with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, with a 
focus on human rights, labour, the environment, and anti-corruption.
As a leading provider of integrated platform, technology and 
data solutions to the wealth industry, we are in a unique position 
alongside financial professionals, to empower better financial 
futures for more Australians.
This year, we continued to enhance the customer experience by 
delivering innovative products and solutions that drive productivity 
for financial professionals and provide choice and value for their 
clients. This continued investment was again recognised by 
advisers and the broader industry with HUB24 once again ranked 
Australia’s Best Platform.1
Our people are critical to our continued success and in FY25 we 
prioritised initiatives that attract, develop and retain our talent. We 
strengthened our culture by embedding our refreshed Group-
wide values across all areas of the organisation, ensuring they are 
reflected in how we work, make decisions, and support one another.
This year, we also commenced a dedicated program of work to 
define our Employee Value Proposition (EVP), which will help us 
clearly articulate what makes HUB24 a great place to work. By 
aligning our EVP with what matters most to our people, we aim to 
enhance our ability to attract the right talent, strengthen employee 
engagement, and support long-term retention.
Pleasingly, as a result of our continued focus on the employee 
experience, our people engagement increased from 76% in FY24 
to 78% in FY25.
We’ve continued to strengthen our governance and risk 
frameworks to support the sustainable growth of our business. This 
includes embedding a healthy risk culture, supported by education, 
training for our people, and maintaining robust policies to manage 
risk effectively.Through our HUBempower program, we increased our contribution 
to a range of community initiatives designed to improve financial 
capability and wellbeing, and continued to provide opportunities 
for our people to participate and give back.
We’ve made solid progress toward our goal of achieving Net 
Zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030, from our FY22 base year. 
In FY25, we continued to implement our emissions reduction 
roadmap by consolidating our office footprint into more energy-
efficient workspaces and sourcing GreenPower where possible.
As a technology and data services provider, we’re leveraging 
digitisation to help increase productivity and create a sustainable 
advice industry for financial professionals and their clients. In FY25, 
we continued to leverage emerging technologies such as artificial 
intelligence to enhance the customer experience, deliver scalability 
and unlock insights and data that support better decision making 
for the HUB24 Group and our customers.
We’ve also continued to invest in our cybersecurity and privacy 
frameworks, maintaining a cyber resilience program in line 
with Australian and international standards. Employee training, 
education and safeguards are in place to protect the integrity and 
security of data entrusted to us.
While we’ve made great progress this year, we know there’s more 
to do. We’ll continue engaging our people and partners to advance 
our sustainability goals and deliver on our purpose of empowering 
better financial futures, together.
I’m pleased to share HUB24’s progress and priorities in this year’s 
Sustainability Report and look forward to continuing our journey 
in FY26.
Andrew Alcock
CEO and Managing Director, HUB24 Limited
1. HUB24 ranked first for platform advocacy in the Investment Trends 2025 Adviser Technology Needs Report; HUB24 Platform was ranked first for Overall Satisfaction 
and HUB24 Super was ranked first for Super Fund Satisfaction in the 2025 Australian Financial Advice Landscape Report; and Best Platform Overall in the Investment 
Trends Platform Competitive Analysis and Benchmarking Report 2024.
HUB24 | Sustainability Report 202502

=== Page 5 ===
Sustainability at HUB24
Our approach to sustainability
At HUB24, we continue to recognise that long-term prosperity for our people, customers, shareholders, and the broader community 
depends on how we respond to relevant Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters. We are pleased to share an update on our 
progress and initiatives for the financial year ending 30 June 2025 (FY25), as we continue to embed sustainability across our business.
Since delivering our inaugural FY22 Sustainability Report, we’ve steadily evolved our approach – deepening our understanding of material 
issues, engaging stakeholders, and aligning our strategy to leading global ESG and sustainability standards. Throughout this year, we 
continued this momentum with a focus on the areas that matter most to our stakeholders, and where HUB24 can have the greatest impact.
In FY25, we engaged with internal and external stakeholders to assess emerging ESG expectations and trends. We also worked to further 
integrate sustainability across our operations by building capability, increasing employee engagement, and demonstrating our performance 
through reporting. This year’s Sustainability Report outlines our performance against FY25 targets and highlights areas of progress 
and opportunity.
Materiality: Key ESG themes
HUB24 has previously undertaken a materiality assessment which included research and engagement with internal and external stakeholders 
to identify the ESG focus areas most relevant to our business. These priority areas are outlined in the table on page 4 of this report.
In FY26, we plan to undertake an updated materiality assessment to ensure our ESG priorities continue to reflect stakeholder expectations 
and our business model.
About this report
We’ve prepared this report with reference to several sustainability frameworks and standards, including the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI), the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, and the Climate Active Carbon 
Neutral Standard. We have also aligned our material themes to the most relevant United Nations SDGs.
In Australia, climate-related financial disclosure requirements and accounting standards have been introduced and HUB24 expects to 
comply with mandatory requirements within the expected timeframes (FY27).
Unless otherwise stated, this report and the included metrics covers HUB24 Limited and its subsidiaries (HUB24) for FY25. It does not 
include sustainability metrics from our suppliers. Some sections of the report contain forward-looking statements which are subject to 
change based on future developments and outcomes.
HUB24 did not engage an external auditor to audit the contents of this report.
For further information or questions about this report or our corporate responsibility activities, please refer to our website 
https://www.HUB24.com.au/shareholder-centre/corporate-governance/.Supporting the United National Global Compact
HUB24 remains committed to the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, which cover 
human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption. In June 2025, we reaffirmed our commitment 
to embedding these principles into our strategy, culture and daily operations, and to engaging in 
collaborative initiatives that support the United Nations’ broader development agenda, particularly the 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
View more information.
Our ESG key focus areas and progress Conclusion03 Sustainability at HUB24 Letter from our MD & CEO

=== Page 7 ===
Sustainability at HUB24
Focus Area FY25 target FY25 outcome FY24 outcome
Customers Top ratings on Investment Trends Adviser Technology Needs 
Report Platform NPS1#1 Platform NPS #1 Platform NPS
Best Platform NPS according to Adviser Ratings2#1 Platform NPS #1 Platform NPS
Class customer satisfaction in industry surveys371% 78%
Class NPS in industry surveys3+45 +41
People and culture Top quartile for employee engagement  survey results478% 76%
40:40:20 gender diversity for HUB24 Limited Board 50% female 
50% male50% female 
50% male
40:40:20 gender diversity for Executive Leadership Team 
(CEO & Executive Direct Reports)44% female 
56% male45% female 
55% male
40:40:20 gender diversity for whole of company 43% female 
56% male 
1% other543% female 
56% male 
1% other
Governance All employees complete mandatory training 100% 100%
Achieve compliance with 100% of ASX corporate 
governance principles6100% 100%
Cyber security 
and data privacyAchieve compliance with ISO 27001 Achieved Achieved
All employees complete cyber security and privacy 
awareness training7100% 100%
Social and 
environmentalContribute $200,000 to community organisations aligned to 
HUB24 purpose and values8$200,000 $150,000
Net Zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030, from our FY22 
base year.Strong progress with 
31.6% reduction from 
base year.Emissions reduction 
plan established and 
commenced.Our sustainability priorities and performance
We are pleased to provide an update on our achievements and performance on our targets set for the FY25 period. All figures are as at 
30 June 2025, unless stated otherwise.
1 Based on 2025 and 2024 Investment Trends Adviser Technology Needs Reports.
2 Based on 2025 and 2024 Adviser Ratings Australian Financial Advice Landscape Reports.
3 Overall satisfaction based on March 2025 SMSF Adviser & Accountant Report. Net Promoter Score (NPS) score has been added in FY25.
4 Benchmarked against top 25% of Australian companies (500-1,000 employees) with a comparative average of 75% engagement, Culture Amp January 2025.
5 Other includes those employees identifying as non-binary or who prefer not to disclose.
6 ASX Corporate Governance Principles and recommendations 4th Edition 2019, internal assessment.
7 In FY25, completion rates of cyber security and awareness training replaced adherence with Australian Cyber Security Centre’s essential eight mitigation strategies as 
a key measure.
8 The community contribution target increased from $150,000 in FY24 to $200,000 in FY25. Refer to Section 6 of this report for details.
Letter from our MD & CEO Our ESG key focus areas and progress Conclusion05 Sustainability at HUB24