=== Page 28 ===
28
IDP Education Limited Sustainability Report 2024   Transition risks 
2. Electricity reliability is both a physical and transition risk due to current uncertainty regarding transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy generation across our global operations.*Timeframes defined by IDP as: Short 0-3 years, Medium 3-5 years, Long term 5-10 years and beyondIncreasing energy prices and market volatility across our global network. Short to medium term
Costs of transitioning to lower-emission technologies including capital investment, costs to adopt/deploy new practices and processes to reduce 
overall emissions. Short to medium term
Increasing cost to collaborate and engage with major suppliers on their climate transition and emissions reduction pathways. Medium to long term
Increasing emissions or climate reporting obligations that results in higher operating costs. Short to long term
Transition to more efficient and climate resilient buildings lowering operating costs and providing benefits to employee satisfaction and health and wellbeing. Short to medium term
Procurement of lower emission sources of energy to reduce operating costs and reduce exposure to fossil fuel pricing and any associated cost of carbon.Short term
Changes to customer behaviours due to climate that impacts international education or migration aspirations and economic feasibility. Long term
Reduced demand for international education due to consumer preferences for lower-emission options such as transnational education through international partnerships, branch campuses or online learning. Long term
Physical risks
Risk/opportunity and associated impacts Timeframe*
 Risk Opportunity
Increase in frequency and severity of extreme weather events such as flooding, cyclones, fires or extreme heat resulting in interruptions to service delivery and/or increasing difficulty in accessing reliable service of electricity
2 and causing disruption to IT and communications systems.Medium to long term
Short to long termIncrease in frequency and severity of extreme weather events such as flooding, cyclones, fires, air pollution or extreme heat resulting in worsening working conditions and wellbeing of employees.
Long termRising mean temperatures, rising sea levels and changes in precipitation or weather patterns resulting in mass migration or displacement of populations that impact international education or migration aspirations, economic feasibility or policy settings at both source and destination countries.
Our global  
team 02A trusted  
partner 03Addressing  
climate change 04 ContentsOur  
impact 01

=== Page 31 ===
31 IDP Education Limited Sustainability Report 2024   Metrics and targets
Reporting methodology
IDP’s reported emissions are calculated according to the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol methodology. For Scope 1 
and 2 calculations, we utilise emissions factors consistent with those required under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Scheme, to the extent possible. Our Scope 2 emissions are location-based metrics and we do not 
currently calculate Scope 2 market-based emissions. This will be included within our roadmap of activities to comply 
with the requirements of ASRS within the required timeframe.
We continue to evolve our internal reporting processes to improve the cadence and frequency of emissions metrics 
calculations as well as data quality. This year, our Group Internal Audit team also conducted a review of the processes and controls of our emissions reporting. The findings of the audit concluded that controls were sufficient to ensure quality of our emissions reporting and calculation of metrics, however recommended additional controls to 
further strengthen the process. These recommendations will be implemented within the FY25 financial year.Our emissions 
IDP’s extensive global operations generate greenhouse 
gas emissions throughout our value chain which contributes to its concentration in the atmosphere, 
driving climate change. Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
3 
are our most important metrics that we measure and 
report on an ongoing basis.
Our business model and strategy is focused on our 
global reach and engaging with more people in 
more places around the world. While a large part of this strategy is delivered through technology and innovation, our strength and value come from our network of offices and locations for students 
and customers to interact with our team of trusted 
counsellors and access secure and trusted language testing. This operating model continues to shape our emissions profile; the majority of emissions coming 
from Scope 3 categories and emissions increasing in 
line with the growth of our business and the expansion of our network locations since we began reporting emissions in FY20. 
IDP emissions 
(tonnes CO2e4 )FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24
Scope 1 43 17 27.5 26 4
Scope 2 4,375 4,414 4,585 6,724 5,589
Scope 3 - 26,008 40,324 51,419 49,153
Total 4,418 30,440 44,936 58,169  54,746
3. Scope 1 and 2 emissions are those associated with fuels (such as 
natural gas, petrol, or diesel) and grid electricity we use directly as part of our operations. Scope 3 emissions are the indirect upstream and downstream emissions from value chain activities. 
4. Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.Our global  
team 02A trusted  
partner 03Addressing  
climate change 04 ContentsOur  
impact 01

=== Page 32 ===
32
IDP Education Limited Sustainability Report 2024   Sector collaboration through CANIE 
IDP is a proud signatory to the CANIE Accord and is committed to driving action on 
climate change. 
CANIE or Climate Action Network for International Educators is an initiative formed by 
international education practitioners from around the world that aims to build greater 
engagement and literacy around the intersection of international education and the 
urgent need to act on the climate crisis. 
IDP continues to progress on the 30 actions within five Articles of the Accord that we 
committed to, having completed 20 by the end of the reporting period.
Emissions reduction
IDP’s Emissions Reductions Plan establishes IDP’s roadmap to reduce emissions from our global operations. The plan focuses on three key principles: 
This year we begun qualitative exploration of key opportunities to reduce emissions 
across our value chain with a particular focus on South Asia as this region represents the largest proportion of overall emissions. Regional Environment Committees have been established in our three largest regions of South Asia, Southeast Asia and 
Middle East and Africa, and teams have scoped opportunities to understand the likely 
investment required and the achievable abatement. This approach recognises that each of our regions have different emissions profiles, as well as differing access to feasible alternatives and low-emission technologies. Work to implement appropriate 
initiatives will begin in FY25.
IDP is conducting detailed climate modelling to complement the qualitative 
opportunities explored under the Emissions Reduction Plan. The aim is to help identify 
key work programs and timescales needed to reach future targets and a net zero goal. Work began within the reporting period to develop a climate trajectory model starting with a forecast of IDP’s business-as-usual emissions trajectory to 2050. 
Ongoing development of the model will continue into FY25.The complex and  
long-term nature of  
climate change requires a  
whole - of - organisation 
response supported  
by clear lines of 
accountability.Strong governance
‘Climate literacy’ amongst 
our global team is integral 
to the success of any 
emissions reduction 
opportunities reliant 
of staff decisions and 
behaviours.Our ability to track 
progress and quantify 
the impact of emissions 
reduction efforts is 
dependent on the quality 
of activity data used.Quality data Education and engagementOur global  
team 02A trusted  
partner 03Addressing  
climate change 04 ContentsOur  
impact 01