=== Page 50 ===
Environmental impact of our products and services
In FY25, IVE made significant progress toward its goal of providing 
environmental impact information across products and services. The 
Group identified and partnered with a technology provider enabling the 
calculation of carbon emissions for the first core print service line. Work 
to integrate further print services continues and will allow the Group to 
determine product level information giving clients greater transparency 
over the footprint of their print activity and support more responsible, 
data-driven decision-making.
During the year, the Group also advanced its commitment to providing 
end-of-life solutions for its apparel and textile products with the 
establishment of a take-back program as a standard opt-in service for 
all clients. Since launch, IVE has diverted over five tonnes of textile waste 
from landfill by partnering with high-order recycling providers supporting 
the Group’s second-life objectives.
IVE became the first uniform supplier to join Seamless Australia, the 
National Clothing Stewardship Scheme, reinforcing the Group’s leadership 
in circular apparel practices. 
Since becoming a signatory and member of the Australian Packaging 
Covenant Organisation (APCO) in FY24, the Group submitted its first 
APCO Annual Report and Action Plan in May 2025, achieving an 
Advanced performance rating, demonstrating strong alignment with best 
practice packaging sustainability frameworks.
Looking ahead, IVE remains focused on further reducing the environmental 
footprint of its packaging by:
Increasing the use of recycled and recyclable materials;
Reducing unnecessary packaging;
Improving packaging data collection and reporting across the 
Group; and
Supporting client and supply chain collaboration on sustainable 
packaging solutions.
Climate change and decarbonisation 
During FY25, IVE continued to build on the emissions accounting 
groundwork laid in FY24 by refining and expanding its Group-wide 
greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory. This included aligning calculations with 
the Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) guidance under the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol, a critical step given the material impact of paper and 
vegetable ink inputs across the Group’s operations. 
As a business operating in sectors closely linked to land use and complex 
supply chains, this expanded inventory enhances transparency and 
equips IVE to better identify emission reduction opportunities, engage 
suppliers and support more sustainable outcomes for clients as we 
transition to  a lower-carbon future.
50 People and sustainability
ivegroup.com.au

=== Page 51 ===
Direct emissions
IVE is targeting a 25% reduction in emissions intensity 
across Scopes 1 and 2 by the end of calendar year 
2025 measured against a FY23 baseline 1.
In FY25, the Group completed a full energy baseline 
assessment across all production sites and 
established a consistent emissions intensity metric to 
ensure reliable tracking. Following data validation, 
IVE has updated its emissions trajectory, reinforcing 
the need for ongoing operational efficiency to meet the 
Group’s 2025 goal. This work also improved visibility 
into performance trends, helping to sharpen focus on 
high-impact opportunities.
Looking ahead, the Group is prioritising initiatives that 
improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions, including 
optimising equipment and processes, reducing energy use 
and strengthening accountability across business units.
Renewable electricity
In FY24, IVE commenced a seven-year Power Purchase 
Agreement (PPA), securing renewable electricity 
equivalent to approximately 98% of the Group’s 
electricity demand. In FY25, the Group maintained 
its commitment under this agreement and began 
assessing opportunities to expand coverage, including 
the potential inclusion of additional sites as existing 
energy contracts expire. These efforts form part of the 
Group’s broader strategy to achieve 100% renewable 
electricity across all operations by 2030. 
Indirect emissions
IVE is working towards year-on-year reductions 
in Scope 3 emissions, recognising that most of the 
Group’s carbon emissions impact sits outside of its 
direct operations. In support of this, IVE has completed 
detailed carbon footprint assessments for calendar 
years 2021, 2022 and FY242, covering Scopes 1, 2 and 3 
emissions across the Group. To inform targeted supplier engagement, IVE 
has commenced a comprehensive review of 
Scope 3 emissions, identifying the most material 
emissions sources within the Group’s supply chain. 
This work will continue into FY26, identifying the 
greatest opportunities for impact and prioritising 
high-emissions categories and suppliers for 
engagement and reduction planning.
Mandatory climate reporting
As part of the evolving sustainability landscape in 
Australia, IVE is actively preparing for the mandatory 
climate-related disclosures required under the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS), 
which will be further detailed in the Group’s FY26 
Annual Report. This next phase of environmental 
governance will further strengthen transparency and 
accountability providing stakeholders with clear, 
consistent, and decision-useful information on IVE’s 
environmental governance and climate resilience. 
Disclosures will include detail against the key pillars 
of climate-related disclosure: 
Governance – Board and management oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Strategy – business and financial impact of 
material climate related risks and opportunities.
Risk management – processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related risks  
and opportunities. 
Metrics and targets – metrics used to monitor 
climate performance and progress against 
defined targets.
1  We have reset our target baseline to FY23 from CY21 to ensure a complete and comparable dataset across all operations in scope.
2   FY25 calculations are underway and further detail on our emissions will be published in our FY25 Annual Report.
51
IVE Group Annual Report  2025 People and sustainability

=== Page 53 ===
While IVE remains committed to sourcing its paper 
stocks from FSC® or PEFC™ certified sources, the 
Group recognises that certification alone does not 
provide complete visibility or guarantee long-term 
supply chain resilience.
In FY25, IVE took further steps to strengthen 
traceability across the Group’s paper sourcing 
practices. Internal mechanisms were strengthened 
to support paper traceability, enabling us to assess 
where and how paper is sourced across the Group’s 
operations. Alongside maintaining FSC® or PEFC™ 
certifications, the Group conducted enhanced due 
diligence on 21 paper suppliers with no critical 
concerns identified.
In FY26, traceability efforts will continue across core 
product lines to achieve clear, end-to-end visibility 
of the Group’s paper supply chain. 
Environmental governance
IVE’s environmental management practices are 
governed by an independently certified ISO 14001 
Environmental Management System, reflecting the 
Group’s long-standing commitment to minimising 
environmental impacts and drive continuous 
performance improvement.
IVE’s ISO 14001 framework oversees how the Group 
identifies, manages and mitigates environmental 
risks, ensuring legal and regulatory compliance 
and delivering on its broader sustainability targets. 
This includes ongoing efforts to reduce emissions, 
improve energy and resource efficiency, and minimise 
operational waste across the Group’s facilities.
Regular internal reviews and independent audits of 
the Group’s environmental objectives enable progress 
tracking, identification of improvement opportunities 
and alignment with evolving regulatory expectations 
and industry best practices.Modern slavery
IVE maintains a formal commitment to addressing 
modern slavery risks, in line with the Group’s 
obligations under the Australian Modern Slavery Act 
2018 (Cth). Each year, IVE publishes a comprehensive 
Modern Slavery Statement  outlining the steps taken 
to identify, assess and mitigate modern slavery risks 
across the Group’s operations and supply chains. 
Through transparent reporting, strong governance 
frameworks and regular supplier engagement, IVE 
is committed to ensuring that human rights are 
respected and upheld across Group-wide activities. 
Ethical sourcing and supply 
chain sustainability
IVE’s active membership of the Supplier Ethical Data 
Exchange (SEDEX) enables the Group to monitor and 
assess risks relating to labour rights, health and 
safety, environmental management and business 
ethics within its supply chain. 
In FY25, IVE completed SMETA 7.0 4-Pillar audits at 
two of the Group’s key production sites, covering 
labour standards, health and safety, environmental 
performance and business ethics. While site-specific, 
the audits assessed Group-wide governance 
frameworks, policies and operational controls, 
ensuring consistent ethical sourcing, workplace 
standards and sustainability practices across IVE’s 
operations. Through SEDEX membership, SMETA 
audits and ongoing supplier assessments, the Group is 
continuously strengthening its supply chain integrity 
and aligning with global best practice.
53
IVE Group Annual Report  2025 People and sustainability