=== Table 1 (page 51) ===
Direct emissions,"To inform targeted supplier engagement, IVE"
,has commenced a comprehensive review of
IVE is targeting a 25% reduction in emissions intensity,
,"Scope 3 emissions, identifying the most material"
across Scopes 1 and 2 by the end of calendar year,
,emissions sources within the Group’s supply chain.
2025 measured against a FY23 baseline 1.,
,"This work will continue into FY26, identifying the"
"In FY25, the Group completed a full energy baseline",greatest opportunities for impact and prioritising
assessment across all production sites and,high-emissions categories and suppliers for
established a consistent emissions intensity metric to,engagement and reduction planning.
"ensure reliable tracking. Following data validation,",
"IVE has updated its emissions trajectory, reinforcing",
,Mandatory climate reporting
the need for ongoing operational efficiency to meet the,
,As part of the evolving sustainability landscape in
Group’s 2025 goal. This work also improved visibility,
,"Australia, IVE is actively preparing for the mandatory"
"into performance trends, helping to sharpen focus on",
,climate-related disclosures required under the
high-impact opportunities.,
,"Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS),"
"Looking ahead, the Group is prioritising initiatives that",
,which will be further detailed in the Group’s FY26
"improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions, including",
,Annual Report. This next phase of environmental
"optimising equipment and processes, reducing energy use",
,governance will further strengthen transparency and
and strengthening accountability across business units.,
,"accountability providing stakeholders with clear,"
,"consistent, and decision-useful information on IVE’s"
Renewable electricity,environmental governance and climate resilience.
"In FY24, IVE commenced a seven-year Power Purchase",
,Disclosures will include detail against the key pillars
"Agreement (PPA), securing renewable electricity",
,of climate-related disclosure:
equivalent to approximately 98% of the Group’s,
,Governance – Board and management oversight of
"electricity demand. In FY25, the Group maintained",
,climate-related risks and opportunities.
its commitment under this agreement and began,
"assessing opportunities to expand coverage, including",Strategy – business and financial impact of
the potential inclusion of additional sites as existing,material climate related risks and opportunities.
energy contracts expire. These efforts form part of the,"Risk management – processes for identifying,"
Group’s broader strategy to achieve 100% renewable,"assessing, and managing climate-related risks"
electricity across all operations by 2030.,and opportunities.
,Metrics and targets – metrics used to monitor
Indirect emissions,climate performance and progress against
,defined targets.
IVE is working towards year-on-year reductions,
"in Scope 3 emissions, recognising that most of the",
Group’s carbon emissions impact sits outside of its,
"direct operations. In support of this, IVE has completed",
detailed carbon footprint assessments for calendar,
"years 2021, 2022 and FY242, covering Scopes 1, 2 and 3",
emissions across the Group.,