=== Page 32 ===
30       Iluka Resources Limited    Annual Report 2024SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT
SUSTAINABILITY AT ILUKA
Iluka’s goal is to be a safe, responsible and 
sustainable supplier of critical minerals. To 
achieve this, Iluka prioritises three pillars: 
1.  Trusted by our people and 
communities:
  To engage and build the capability of 
Iluka’s workforce, prioritising health, safety 
and wellbeing, and embed a consistent 
and open approach to relationships with 
the communities in which Iluka operates. 
2.  Responsible for our environment:
  To be cognisant of the impact of Iluka’s 
operations on the environment and 
maximise the efficiency with which the 
company operates. 
3.  Operate in and provide products  
for a lower carbon world:
  To recognise that the manner in which Iluka 
operates and evolves its business can 
reduce the company’s carbon footprint 
and provide opportunities to support the 
transition to a lower carbon economy. 
 Iluka is committed to practical integration 
of sustainability into everyday business 
practices and to the continuous 
improvement of the company’s 
sustainability performance. Underpinning 
the company’s approach is Iluka’s 
commitment to transparency, behaving 
ethically and conducting business in 
accordance with high standards of 
corporate governance through fit-for-
purpose systems and processes. Iluka’s 
approach to sustainability is guided by 
recognised principles and frameworks, 
and contributes to the advancement, of the 
United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals.GOVERNANCE  
AND ASSURANCE
The Iluka Board Sustainability Committee 
assists the Board in reviewing progress 
made against the sustainability strategy. 
Responsibilities include oversight of 
performance and compliance with legislation 
and management of health, safety, 
environmental, social and governance risks 
and impacts. The Committee also monitors the 
effectiveness of company strategies, policies 
and standards as they relate to sustainability. 
This year, KPMG Australia was engaged to 
provide the Directors of Iluka with assurance 
on scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. 
REPORTING OUR 
PERFORMANCE 
This report summarises Iluka’s performance 
for material topics determined by the 2024 
sustainability materiality assessment, as 
outlined in the separate 2024 Sustainability 
Data Book. The company’s approach to 
managing the material topics, case studies, 
and the Sustainability Data Book outlining 
key performance information for 2024 and 
historical reporting periods are available 
at www.iluka.com. Iluka reported using 
guidance from the GRI Standards for the 
period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. 
Refer to the GRI content index in the 2024 
Sustainability Data Book.   KPMG INDEPENDENT LIMITED 
ASSURANCE STATEMENT
Scope of information subject  
to assurance
KPMG was engaged by Iluka Resources to 
undertake limited assurance over scope 1 
and 2 greenhouse gas emissions presented 
in Iluka’s Annual Report and Data Book for 
the year ended 31 December 2024. KPMG’s 
limited assurance opinion outlining the 
information subject to assurance and the 
procedures performed is available at www.
iluka.com. 
Photos (this page): For more than 50 years, Iluka has worked with landowners to successfully restore land.

=== Page 39 ===
Iluka Resources Limited    Annual Report 2024       37Figure 1. Sources of Iluka’s primary scope 1 and scope 2 emissions in 2024CLIMATE RISK MANAGEMENT   
In 2024, Iluka commenced an updated and more detailed assessment of climate-related risks with the potential to impact its business, covering both 
transition and physical risks, over the short-, medium- and long-terms.  
This activity was scoped in the context of the emergence of mandatory climate-related financial disclosure requirements in Australia. Work is ongoing 
and includes the assessment of climate-related risks under several scenarios, including those prepared by the Network for Greening the Financial 
System, the International Energy Agency, and RepuTex. 
Approach to climate risk management  
Iluka’s approach to managing climate risk is in 
accordance with its Risk Management Policy, 
operationalised through the Risk Management 
Framework, the apex being the Board’s Risk 
Appetite Statement of which climate change is 
a recognised component.  
Climate change risks and opportunities 
are also considered in Iluka’s strategic risk 
register reviewed by the Board with a focus 
on understanding the risk environment and 
articulating planned actions to address the 
risk. Progress on management of climate-
related risks is regularly reported to Iluka’s 
Sustainability Committee and flow-on financial 
impacts reviewed through Iluka’s Audit and 
Risk Committee.    
Management of climate-related risks against 
the approved tolerance thresholds in the 
Board’s Risk Appetite Statement is also 
reviewed and reported to the Audit and Risk 
Committee and Sustainability Committee twice 
a year.Transition risks  
The work undertaken during the year builds 
on Iluka's understanding of the transition risks 
identified in prior risk identification processes. 
These have been previously disclosed, and 
can be found in Iluka’s 2023 Sustainability 
Data Book.    
Iluka’s primary areas of transition risk relate 
to the use of fossil fuels in its operations. 
This includes the use of coal as a chemical 
reductant in the production of synthetic rutile, 
and diesel for mobile fleet and equipment. 
These emissions sources account for nearly 
three-quarters of Iluka’s total emissions. There 
is also an ongoing potential for a disorderly 
energy transition that drives unpredictability 
in the availability and cost of grid-connected 
energy.    Physical risks  
In 2024, Iluka commenced a detailed update 
of the potential impact of physical risks on 
its business, with the support of third-party 
experts. That work considered existing 
physical risk management on a site-by-site 
basis and assesses the impact of key climate 
variables, including chronic changes in 
temperature, rainfall, sea level rise, fire and 
extreme heat days, and acute storm-related 
winds and water inundation. These may impact 
production assets as well as Iluka’s upstream 
and downstream supply chains.    
In this context, Iluka continues to engage 
closely with its primary asset and business 
insurer. Iluka has no exposure to today’s 
physical risks associated with climate change 
that require further mitigation.      
In 2025, Iluka will:  
• Finalise its assessment of climate-related 
risks in different scenarios and disclose 
those findings as part of its mandatory 
climate-related financial disclosures in 
early 2026    
• Continue to develop the Eneabba rare 
earths refinery, which seeks to take 
advantage of the opportunity presented 
by the global energy transition, particularly 
in the electrification of vehicles and 
renewable energy generation which rely on 
rare earths.    
6.7 %
Natural gas26.2%
Diesel0.1%
Fuels, oil and greases
51.6%
Coal
15.4%
ElectricitySCOPE 1  & SCOPE 2  EMISSIONSTransition risks

=== Page 40 ===
38       Iluka Resources Limited    Annual Report 2024Iluka also considers decarbonisation in the 
context of its product offering. Its rare earths 
business puts the company at the forefront of 
global decarbonisation efforts, through the 
supply of its products. It reflects a significant 
investment by Iluka and the Australian 
Government in seizing the opportunity 
presented in the global transition towards 
net zero by 2050 to diversify and serve new 
markets for products.    When complete, Iluka’s refinery will 
produce the key rare earths: neodymium, 
praseodymium, dysprosium and terbium. 
These rare earths are the building blocks 
of a lower carbon economy – essential for 
the permanent magnets used in electric 
vehicles and wind turbines. These renewable 
applications will support the substitution of 
traditional internal combustion engines and 
energy generation using fossil fuels.    Iluka’s approach to climate change is 
supported by an internal shadow carbon price, 
a maturing approach to carbon offsets, and 
an understanding of the carbon footprint of its 
products.   CLIMATE STRATEGY    
In light of its identified transition risks, Iluka has developed a response to climate change that focuses on decarbonisation. 
Iluka’s decarbonisation plan considers ways to improve energy efficiency across the company’s operations, opportunities 
to deploy renewable energy, alternative lower-carbon fuels and technology that may pave the way for step-change 
reductions in operational emissions.    
Iluka applies the mitigation hierarchy to evaluate its decarbonisation option; the company explores and implements 
opportunities to eliminate, reduce and substitute its scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.    
*denotes initiatives that will continue to be evaluated but will not be executed until technically and commercially viable.   ELECTRICITY
• Electrical efficiency
• Narngulu solar*
• Balranald solar/BESS hybrid
• North Capel wind and solar
• Co-generation
• Power purchase agreementsNATURAL GAS
• Coolbrook RotoDynamic Heater™ TechnologyFUELS, OIL  
AND GREASES COAL
• Tyre derived fuel
• Biochar
• NewGen SR*
• Kiln natural gas*
• Kiln heat recovery*DECARBONISATION INITIATIVES
ADDRESSING  
PRIMARY 
SOURCES 
OF SCOPE 1 
AND SCOPE 2 
EMISSIONSDIESEL
• Vehicle fuel burn optimisation
• Bio- and renewable diesel*
• Battery-electric mobile fleet*

=== Page 41 ===
Iluka Resources Limited    Annual Report 2024       39Iluka’s decarbonisation options to be actively pursued in 2025
MONITOR 
For technical and/or 
commercial viabilitySELECT /  
DEVELOP
What could it be?  
What should it be?ASSESS
Scoping studiesINITIATE
Opportunity  
identification
ONGOING
Continual improvement
EXECUTE
Deliver the projectENERGY  
EFFICIENCYRENEWABLE  
ENERGYALTERNATIVE
LOWER-
EMISSIONS
FUELSTECHNOLOGY
STEP-CHANGE 2025
Electrical co-generation  
from process waste heat 
Energy from natural gas 
to generate electricity
Kiln heat recovery  
(refractory lining 
upgrade)
Process and vehicle 
fuel burn optimisation 
Electrical efficiency of 
plant equipment
Mine optimisation softwarePPAs with offsite 
renewable generators Narngulu solarNorth Capel wind  
and solar
Balranald solar/BESS 
hybridBiochar and tyre-derived 
fuels as substitute for 
coal in SR kiln
Bio- and renewable 
diesel for mobile fleet
SR kiln natural gas for 
process heatBattery-electric 
mobile fleetNewGenSR technology 
to displace use of coal 
through use of hydrogen 
as a reductant in 
production of synthetic 
rutileCoolbrook RotoDynamic 
Heater™ Technology  
(Process heat generation 
via electrification)Iluka routinely seeks out new and emerging decarbonisation opportunities

=== Page 42 ===
40       Iluka Resources Limited    Annual Report 2024Energy efficiency
Iluka’s Carbon and Energy Standard guides 
its operations in the monitoring of energy 
use and greenhouse gas emissions and 
considers ways to reduce emissions and 
improve efficiency. This includes through 
CORE, Iluka’s continuous improvement 
program, which provides a framework for 
employees to identify, evaluate and implement 
improvements, including those related to 
emissions reduction opportunities. Energy 
efficiency opportunities identified are 
progressively implemented to help reduce 
Iluka’s emissions intensity, where technically 
and commercially viable.    
In 2024, Iluka  
• Undertook a trial of diesel additives in the 
diesel generators at its hybrid diesel-
solar renewable power plant at Jacinth-
Ambrosia. The trial demonstrated a very 
limited efficiency improvement (<1%) from 
the use of an additive. As a result, Iluka 
will not pursue the continued technical 
evaluation of diesel additives at this time  
• Commenced a trial of mine scheduling 
software at Cataby to optimise its mine 
planning process and vehicle fuel burn. 
If successful, the trial will pave the way 
for further use of the software at other 
operations  
• Evaluated the use of a more heat 
efficient refractory product for its kiln. 
The abatement cost for this was not as 
competitive as other initiatives on Iluka’s 
margin abatement cost curve and so will 
not be pursued further at this time   
• Revisited evaluations of energy efficiency 
opportunities, including for process control 
loops and draw power efficiency on pumps 
In 2025, Iluka plans to  
• Finalise the trial of mine scheduling 
software at Cataby and assess opportunity 
to deploy to Jacinth-Ambrosia    
• Prepare a detailed technical assessment 
of opportunities to improve pumping 
efficiencies with a view to taking forward 
specific projects for implementation Renewable energy  
Iluka’s scope 2 emissions associated with 
electricity use represent approximately 15.4%  
of Iluka’s current emissions. The company 
continues to focus on initiatives to increase the 
use of renewable energy as this is expected 
to be an opportunity for emission reductions 
in the short- to long-term and mitigate risks 
associated with a potentially less orderly grid 
energy transition in Australia.    
Iluka has taken steps to reduce emissions 
associated with on-site electricity generation 
at Jacinth-Ambrosia. A hybrid solar diesel 
electricity facility was built in 2022 and in 2023 
this resulted in a 13% reduction in emissions 
associated with electricity generation at this 
operation.   
In 2024  
• The 9MW solar facility at Cataby was 
executed and powered on in January 2025. 
This facility is expected to abate ~10,700 
tonnes of carbon dioxide per annum          
• Iluka evaluated options for an off-grid 
diesel/solar/battery power supply solution 
for its Balranald project  
• Iluka completed a wind resource study and 
an options study for a potential renewable 
energy project for North Capel  
• Iluka assessed the potential for solar 
panels to be deployed on legacy tailings 
impoundments at Narngulu; economics 
are not currently favourable but this will be 
reviewed on a periodic basis  
Iluka’s projects include a review of renewable 
energy options as part of project evaluation. 
This work, coupled with the ongoing 
assessment of renewable energy options 
at existing operations, has allowed Iluka to 
develop a pipeline of potential renewable 
energy facilities.    
In 2025, Iluka plans to 
• Continue to develop and then execute a 
renewable power supply strategy for its 
Balranald project    
• Finalise its assessment of the potential for a 
renewable energy project in the South West 
close to its North Capel operation  Alternative fuels   
Iluka’s use of coal as a chemical reductant is 
an identified transition risk, particularly given 
the potential for the price of coal to increase 
and for coal to become less available as global 
decarbonisation continues. Iluka’s coal-based 
emissions account for approximately 51.6% of 
its total emissions. As a result, the company 
continues to explore opportunities to reduce 
its use and reliance on coal, including using 
alternatives like natural gas, tyre-derived fuels 
(TDF) and biochar.    
In 2024, Iluka   
• Finalised its evaluation for the potential 
partial displacement of coal through the 
introduction of a natural gas injection 
system in its synthetic rutile kilns. While the 
use of such a system is technically feasible, 
the project is not currently economically 
viable. A gas injection system has not been 
ruled out but will need to be evaluated 
alongside the potential use of tyre-derived 
fuels and biochar, as work on those 
possibilities is progressed  
• Conducted lab-scale piloting and 
simulation of the synthetic rutile production 
process for tyre-derived fuels and biochar     
In 2025, Iluka plans to  
• Undertake a plant trial to determine the 
technical feasibility of TDF as a substitute 
for coal    
• Perform further test work on biochar to 
derisk a potential future plant trial 
For Iluka’s mining operations, the company 
will continue to evaluate the potential for 
augmentation of diesel to provide a reduction 
in overall use and emissions, including use of 
bio- and renewable diesels.