=== Table 1 (page 32) ===
SUSTAINABILITY AT ILUKA,,
"Iluka’s goal is to be a safe, responsible and",,
,GOVERNANCE,KPMG INDEPENDENT LIMITED
sustainable supplier of critical minerals. To,,
,AND ASSURANCE,ASSURANCE STATEMENT
"achieve this, Iluka prioritises three pillars:",,
,The Iluka Board Sustainability Committee,
,assists the Board in reviewing progress,Scope of information subject
"1.
Trusted by our people and",,
,made against the sustainability strategy.,to assurance
communities:,,
,Responsibilities include oversight of,KPMG was engaged by Iluka Resources to
To engage and build the capability of,,
,performance and compliance with legislation,undertake limited assurance over scope 1
"Iluka’s workforce, prioritising health, safety",,
,"and management of health, safety,",and 2 greenhouse gas emissions presented
"and wellbeing, and embed a consistent",,
,"environmental, social and governance risks",in Iluka’s Annual Report and Data Book for
and open approach to relationships with,,
,and impacts. The Committee also monitors the,the year ended 31 December 2024. KPMG’s
the communities in which Iluka operates.,,
,"effectiveness of company strategies, policies",limited assurance opinion outlining the
,and standards as they relate to sustainability.,information subject to assurance and the
"2. 
Responsible for our environment:","This year, KPMG Australia was engaged to",procedures performed is available at www.
To be cognisant of the impact of Iluka’s,provide the Directors of Iluka with assurance,
,,iluka.com.
operations on the environment and,on scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions.,
maximise the efficiency with which the,,
company operates.,,
,REPORTING OUR,
3.  Operate in and provide products,PERFORMANCE,
for a lower carbon world:,This report summarises Iluka’s performance,
To recognise that the manner in which Iluka,for material topics determined by the 2024,
operates and evolves its business can,"sustainability materiality assessment, as",
reduce the company’s carbon footprint,outlined in the separate 2024 Sustainability,
and provide opportunities to support the,Data Book. The company’s approach to,
transition to a lower carbon economy.,"managing the material topics, case studies,",
,and the Sustainability Data Book outlining,
Iluka is committed to practical integration,,
,key performance information for 2024 and,
of sustainability into everyday business,,
,historical reporting periods are available,
practices and to the continuous,,
,at www.iluka.com. Iluka reported using,
improvement of the company’s,,
,guidance from the GRI Standards for the,
sustainability performance. Underpinning,,
,period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024.,
the company’s approach is Iluka’s,,
,Refer to the GRI content index in the 2024,
"commitment to transparency, behaving",,
,Sustainability Data Book.,
ethically and conducting business in,,
accordance with high standards of,,
corporate governance through fit-for-,,
purpose systems and processes. Iluka’s,,
approach to sustainability is guided by,,
"recognised principles and frameworks,",,
"and contributes to the advancement, of the",,
United Nations Sustainable Development,,
Goals.,,

=== Table 2 (page 40) ===
CLIMATE STRATEGY
"In light of its identified transition risks, Iluka has developed a response to climate change that focuses on decarbonisation."
"Iluka’s decarbonisation plan considers ways to improve energy efficiency across the company’s operations, opportunities"
"to deploy renewable energy, alternative lower-carbon fuels and technology that may pave the way for step-change"
reductions in operational emissions.
Iluka applies the mitigation hierarchy to evaluate its decarbonisation option; the company explores and implements
"opportunities to eliminate, reduce and substitute its scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions."

=== Table 3 (page 42) ===
Energy efficiency,Renewable energy,Alternative fuels
Iluka’s Carbon and Energy Standard guides,Iluka’s scope 2 emissions associated with,Iluka’s use of coal as a chemical reductant is
its operations in the monitoring of energy,electricity use represent approximately 15.4%,"an identified transition risk, particularly given"
use and greenhouse gas emissions and,of Iluka’s current emissions. The company,the potential for the price of coal to increase
considers ways to reduce emissions and,continues to focus on initiatives to increase the,and for coal to become less available as global
improve efficiency. This includes through,use of renewable energy as this is expected,decarbonisation continues. Iluka’s coal-based
"CORE, Iluka’s continuous improvement",to be an opportunity for emission reductions,emissions account for approximately 51.6% of
"program, which provides a framework for",in the short- to long-term and mitigate risks,"its total emissions. As a result, the company"
"employees to identify, evaluate and implement",associated with a potentially less orderly grid,continues to explore opportunities to reduce
"improvements, including those related to",energy transition in Australia.,"its use and reliance on coal, including using"
emissions reduction opportunities. Energy,,"alternatives like natural gas, tyre-derived fuels"
efficiency opportunities identified are,Iluka has taken steps to reduce emissions,(TDF) and biochar.
progressively implemented to help reduce,associated with on-site electricity generation,
"Iluka’s emissions intensity, where technically",at Jacinth-Ambrosia. A hybrid solar diesel,"In 2024, Iluka"
and commercially viable.,electricity facility was built in 2022 and in 2023,
,,"• 
Finalised its evaluation for the potential"
,this resulted in a 13% reduction in emissions,
,,partial displacement of coal through the
"In 2024, Iluka",associated with electricity generation at this,
,,introduction of a natural gas injection
,operation.,
•  Undertook a trial of diesel additives in the,,system in its synthetic rutile kilns. While the
diesel generators at its hybrid diesel-,,"use of such a system is technically feasible,"
,In 2024,
solar renewable power plant at Jacinth-,,the project is not currently economically
Ambrosia. The trial demonstrated a very,"• 
The 9MW solar facility at Cataby was",viable. A gas injection system has not been
limited efficiency improvement (<1%) from,executed and powered on in January 2025.,ruled out but will need to be evaluated
"the use of an additive. As a result, Iluka","This facility is expected to abate ~10,700",alongside the potential use of tyre-derived
will not pursue the continued technical,tonnes of carbon dioxide per annum,"fuels and biochar, as work on those"
evaluation of diesel additives at this time,,possibilities is progressed
,"• 
Iluka evaluated options for an off-grid",
•  Commenced a trial of mine scheduling,diesel/solar/battery power supply solution,•  Conducted lab-scale piloting and
software at Cataby to optimise its mine,for its Balranald project,simulation of the synthetic rutile production
planning process and vehicle fuel burn.,,process for tyre-derived fuels and biochar
,"• 
Iluka completed a wind resource study and",
"If successful, the trial will pave the way",,
,an options study for a potential renewable,
for further use of the software at other,,"In 2025, Iluka plans to"
,energy project for North Capel,
operations,,
,,•  Undertake a plant trial to determine the
,"• 
Iluka assessed the potential for solar",
"• 
Evaluated the use of a more heat",,technical feasibility of TDF as a substitute
,panels to be deployed on legacy tailings,
efficient refractory product for its kiln.,,for coal
,impoundments at Narngulu; economics,
The abatement cost for this was not as,,
,are not currently favourable but this will be,"• 
Perform further test work on biochar to"
competitive as other initiatives on Iluka’s,,
,reviewed on a periodic basis,derisk a potential future plant trial
margin abatement cost curve and so will,,
not be pursued further at this time,,

=== Table 4 (page 44) ===
,"In 2024, Iluka commenced study work to",There is a trade-off between using a high-
CLIMATE-RELATED METRICS,,
,evaluate the viability of commercial-scale,"grade feedstock, such as Iluka’s synthetic"
AND TARGETS,,
,production of rare earth metals. Metallisation,"rutile, which undergoes significant processing"
"Iluka’s scope 1 and scope 2 emissions, along",,
,is the next stage of value addition following,"prior to reaching the pigment plant, and using"
"with additional emissions and energy data, are",,
,the production of rare earth oxides. Subject to,a lower-grade feedstock. The latter requires
included in the 2024 Sustainability Data Book.,,
,"positive study outcomes, metallisation would",pigment manufacturers to use significant
,further enhance Iluka’s marketability as a,"chemical inputs to produce finished pigment,"
Emissions are based on Iluka’s corporate,,
,sustainable producer of light and heavy rare,thereby generating more carbon emissions
reporting year (1 January to 31 December),,
,"earths, with traceable product provenance.",in producing their finished product (when
and are reported for Iluka’s Group-wide,,
,More information on Iluka’s Eneabba refinery,emissions generated in producing those
"businesses, which includes all exploration,",,
,and metallisation work can be found on page,chemical inputs are included).
"construction, operations, rehabilitation and",,
,24.,
corporate activities.,,
,,"To capture this trade-off, the LCA was"
,As stated in the Climate Strategy section of this,extended to compare the carbon footprint
Continual improvement in its carbon,,
,"report, independent consultants undertook",of pigment produced when using synthetic
accounting helps the company to better,,
,"carbon emissions LCA for Iluka’s zircon, rutile,",rutile with other titanium feedstocks used
understand its emissions profile. While the,,
,and rare earths production during the year.,within both sulphate and chloride pigment
focus is on eliminating and reducing scope 1,,
,,"production processes. Specifically,"
and 2 emissions produced by the company’s,,
,,Iluka and its consultant considered and
"operations, work is underway to support the",,
,Rare earths,compared the emissions intensity of pigment
development of Iluka’s scope 3 emissions,,
,Iluka commissioned LCA on the production of,manufactured from a single feedstock in
inventory.,,
,neodymium praseodymium (NdPr) oxide and,two reference plants. Results indicate that
,separated rare earth oxide (REO) at Eneabba.,pigment manufactured with Iluka’s synthetic
Iluka reports greenhouse gas emissions for,,
,The analysis quantified and compared the,rutile would be placed in the lowest 50% of
its Australian operations under the National,,
,"environmental impacts of producing REO,",emissions intensity when compared to pigment
Greenhouse and Emissions Reporting,,
,comparing Eneabba to similar REO production,manufactured with other titanium feedstocks.
(NGER) Act 2007. The company’s North Capel,,
,routes of existing rare earth producers.,
operation is covered under the Australian,,
,,Iluka continues to explore and innovate its
Safeguard Mechanism.,,
,The analysis highlighted that rare earth,approach to the production of synthetic rutile.
,"oxides produced from the Eneabba refinery,","In particular, it is committed to continued"
The majority of Iluka’s total greenhouse gas,,
,"with feedstock from the Eneabba stockpile,",evaluation of alternatives to coal used in the
emissions are derived from two operations,,
,have the lowest climate change impact per,production of synthetic rutile. Coal is used as
– North Capel and Cataby. Approximately,,
,kg of NdPr oxide compared to other systems,"a reductant, and in 2024, emissions generated"
51.6% of Iluka’s total emissions emanate from,,
,"under examination, supported by uncertainty",by the use of coal accounted for 90% of
use of coal in the production of synthetic,,
,analysis. Iluka’s calculated carbon footprint,synthetic rutile emissions and 51% of Iluka’s
rutile. Coal is used as a chemical reductant,,
,for Eneabba’s NdPr oxides is 55% lower than,total emissions.
and heat source to reduce ilmenite to produce,,
,Inner Mongolia rare earth oxide producers.,
"synthetic rutile, for which there is currently no",,
economically viable alternative. Approximately,,
,This LCA was built using pre-operational,Zircon
14% of Iluka’s total emissions come from the,,
,stage data and was conducted according,"In 2024, Iluka completed a carbon LCA study"
use of diesel at Cataby. 2024 saw a decrease,,
,to the requirements of the ISO-14040:2006,on its zircon products; the scope included
of 16.5% in total scope 1 and scope 2,,
,and ISO-14044:2006 standards. The LCA,zircon production from operations at Cataby
emissions compared to 2023. This was largely,,
,has undergone an independent critical panel,"and Jacinth-Ambrosia, utilising Iluka's"
due to the decision to only operate one of the,,
,review.,"operational data, as well as future production"
two synthetic rutile kilns.,,
,,"at Balranald, utilising project design data."
,Synthetic rutile,A key objective was to determine the carbon
PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP,,
,Iluka produces synthetic rutile through,"footprint of Iluka’s zircon products, partly"
,"the Becher process, an industrial-scale",in response to customer requests. After
The sustainable delivery of Iluka’s,,
,manufacturing method developed by the,"completing the study, Iluka prepared carbon"
products and minerals requires,,
,"company’s forebears, to upgrade ilmenite","footprint summary reports for those customers,"
responsible business practices,,
,,with the reports  presenting the process
throughout the company's value chain.,(57-59% TiO2) to synthetic rutile (88-92% TiO2).,
,The Becher process has been applied in,and basis of the zircon LCA study and the
Iluka works collaboratively with its business,"Australia’s South West since 1968. At that time,",assessed carbon footprint of Iluka’s zircon
partners to uphold responsible practices,the same forebears operated the first synthetic,products.
across its value chain and to support,rutile kiln of its kind in the world. For the last,
,"few decades, Iluka’s North Capel facility has","Throughout the year, Iluka engaged with"
opportunities for responsible product use.,,
,added value to the processing of mineral,two major zircon customers on sustainability
"In 2024, Iluka completed an extensive",sands in Australia by upgrading ilmenite to,and ESG matters. These engagements
internal review to enhance customer service,synthetic rutile.,provided a venue for two-way sharing of best
performance and product quality management,,"practices, plans, lessons learned, and future"
system. This identified improvement,"In 2022, Iluka engaged a carbon emissions",expectations.
"opportunities including risk mitigation,",life cycle consultant to undertake a life cycle,
,analysis for the company’s synthetic rutile,A robust Quality Management System
"streamlining, compliance, and system control.",,
,production process to better understand the,(QMS) is a key pillar of Iluka’s aim to be the
Several of these improvements have been,,
,carbon footprint generated by synthetic rutile,"supplier of choice. In 2024, a supplier QMS"
"implemented, with the remainder in progress",,
,compared to other titanium feedstocks used,audit was undertaken by one of Iluka’s major
or requiring further detailed development.,,
,in the production of pigment. The analysis,zircon customers to assess the company’s
Iluka’s mining and processing activities,found that one of the main determiners of,product quality assurance and management
produce a range of by-products and co-,greenhouse gas emissions in the pigment,"processes. The results were positive, with"
products that generate revenue and limit,supply chain is the grade of the feedstock,"Iluka receiving an excellent score, zero gaps,"
"waste production, handling, and storage. Rare",used.,and a request to continue the active culture of
earth concentrates are one such co-product,,continuous quality improvement.
separated during the processing of Iluka’s,,
mineral sands.,,