=== Page 9 ===
IMDEX  FY25 Sustainability ReportOur focus is to develop products and solutions to mine smarter and more sustainably. 
Investment in research and development, and innovation is central to achieving this goal. In 
FY26 we have committed to spend approximately 8% to 10% of our revenue on research and 
development (R&D). Our R&D investment has remained a mainstay of our business for many 
years and is foundational to our success.
Our teams are the innovators, paving the way and embedding sustainability into our product 
development, our service model design and our operational delivery. We have established the 
IMDEX Innovation Council to develop new ideas for products and services, and held an ESG 
Innovation Event in FY25 to explore how we can better support customers’ sustainability goals. 
This has assisted in the identification of the next generation of features that we will bring into 
market to help our customers improve their own sustainable operations. 
Important to our success are industry and government partnerships. We were proud to continue 
our partnerships and project participation with several industry associations, universities, and 
research centres to help solve complex mining challenges and drive sustainable innovation.
When our customers succeed in their sustainability goals, we all win. Technologies like 
Directional Core Drilling, Solids Removal Units and the ACTx Digital Core Orientation Solution 
have helped our customers use less water and chemicals, operate more safely and can reduce 
operational emissions. 
We continue to measure these outcomes so we can show the impact of each of our products to 
demonstrate the tangible effects of solutions we offer.Product Leadership
Sustainable Customer Solutions Sharpening our Approach
This year, we undertook a comprehensive review of our sustainability approach by 
updating our material priorities through a double materiality assessment and revising our 
Sustainability Strategy to align it with this new set of priorities.
I’m proud to launch our refreshed Sustainability Strategy in this year’s Sustainability Report, 
including our updated priorities and how we will deliver on them. Our Strategy comprises 
four core pillars—Product Leadership, Sustainable Customer Solutions, Workforce of the 
Future, and importantly Strong Foundations, which is fundamental to IMDEX delivering on 
all of our goals. Our ESG responsibility extends beyond our own operations to the innovation 
and support we provide to customers and the role we play in the mining value chain. This 
responsibility is guiding how we focus our efforts to create measurable impact and long-
term business value. 
Our people are at the centre of our sustainability commitments. We are focused on engaging 
our workforce to realise our sustainability ambition and equipping them to address ESG 
challenges and opportunities, for the benefit of our shareholders, planet, and society.This is IMDEX’s fifth Sustainability Report and I am pleased to share the progress 
we have made in delivering sustainable outcomes for our customers, employees 
and shareholders. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand the 
importance of ensuring our approach to environmental, social, and governance matters 
is meaningful, relevant and responds to expectations from our stakeholders.Message from the Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer For personal use only

=== Page 14 ===
13
This year we completed a double materiality assessment to inform continued development 
of our sustainability strategy. The assessment considers materiality through two lenses: 
impact materiality and financial materiality.
• Impact materiality assesses the impacts of IMDEX on the economy, environment, and 
people, including human rights 
• Financial materiality assesses the sustainability-related risks and opportunities facing 
IMDEX that can affect the Company’s financial prospects 
To read about our approach in detail, visit Appendix 1.Materiality assessment processThe assessment guides us in articulating our sustainability priorities, setting our FY26 
targets, and integrating sustainability into our business strategy. It informed our reporting 
focus for FY25 and will continue to guide our disclosures in future years. 
Of our ten most material topics, the three bolded topics below were assessed as having the 
highest double materiality. These ten topics have been endorsed by the Board Sustainability 
Committee. 
To view our Materiality Assessment Result, visit Appendix 1. Materiality 
FY25 Material TopicsAnalysis of 
context and 
determination 
of a long-list of 
material topicsCollection of 
impacts, risks and 
opportunitiesInternal and 
external 
stakeholder 
engagementAssessment 
and scoring of 
impacts, risks and 
opportunities Report 
preparation and 
validation of the 
results 1 2 3 4 5
Environmental
Water use and  
managementGlobal workforce  
managementProduct innovation and 
research and development
Materials use and  
circular economyWorkforce diversity,  
equity and inclusionProcurement and supply  
chain management and 
practices
Greenhouse gas  
emissionsHealth, safety and  
wellbeingCybersecurity
Environmental  
complianceSocial GovernanceFor personal use only

=== Page 16 ===
15
The Board of Directors provides oversight of the company's sustainability performance and agenda. 
The Board delegates certain tasks to the Sustainability Committee including providing direction over 
sustainability strategy, risks and opportunities, reporting, and sustainability-related incentives. The 
Committee's accountabilities include:
• Reviewing the Company's Sustainability Report and Modern Slavery Statement and recommending 
it to the Board
• Compliance with external sustainability and climate-related reporting requirements
• Reviewing the Company's sustainability and climate objectives and targets and recommending 
them to the Board.
For further information on the structure of our Board and Committees, please refer to our Corporate 
Governance Statement and Sustainability Committee Charter.Board oversight of sustainabilityWe engage with a diverse range of stakeholders worldwide and are committed to maintaining 
transparent, timely communication. Our goal is to foster meaningful relationships that enhance 
stakeholders’ experience with our integrated solutions and business on a global scale.
Our approach to stakeholder engagement involves regular communication and feedback with our 
customers, employees and investors to ensure we understand and meet their needs. We engage with 
our stakeholders through various channels including site visits, product training, customer surveys 
and annual performance reviews, as well as informal opportunities such as employee groups and 
committees. We prioritise transparency and informed decision-making, providing regular updates 
on company changes and developments, and engaging with government agencies, industry partners 
and local communities. By taking a comprehensive and multi-faceted approach to stakeholder 
engagement, we aim to build trust, drive growth, and create long-term value for our stakeholders. 
Read a summary of our stakeholder engagement at Appendix 2.Stakeholder Engagement 
Sustainability Governance 
The Sustainability Committee supports the Board in its oversight by providing detailed review and 
recommendations on sustainability-related matters. It is responsible for monitoring and overseeing 
IMDEX’s approach to sustainability, including oversight of risks, opportunities, and impacts. Its 
functions and responsibilities include: 
• Overseeing, recommending, and approving policies related to sustainability
• Providing oversight on sustainability-related reporting
• Setting and reviewing sustainability and climate-related objectives for the company, including any 
emissions targets and frameworks for the company’s sustainability activities 
• Considering and overseeing existing and emerging sustainability and climate-related risks and 
opportunities
• Monitoring IMDEX’s compliance with applicable sustainability regulatory obligations 
• Assessing alignment with the company’s Sustainability Policy, Diversity Policy and broader 
sustainability goals
• Staying informed on and monitoring legislative changes, industry practices, and disclosure 
requirements
• Monitoring progress toward sustainability commitments
The Committee met three times during the year to review and advance IMDEX’s sustainability  
agenda and report to the Board. Standing agenda items included reviewing IMDEX’s progress toward 
its sustainability commitments, a review of industry changes and developments, and relevant 
regulatory changes. Sustainability Committee oversight and activitiesFor personal use only

=== Page 19 ===
IMDEX  FY25 Sustainability ReportFY25 OutcomesOur performance
Our sustainability targets are set annually by the ESG Working Group and are approved by 
our Executive Leadership Team and Sustainability Board Committee.
Achieved Not AchievedFY25 Target Performance
PeopleEnhance the quality of HSE engagement
>90% HSE training complianceUpdate FY25-27 DE&I StrategyLaunch ESG Awareness training modulePositive shift in female leader representation
1
Update IMDEX’s Sustainability Strategy to highlight the Company’s 
people-first approach
InnovationReduce the need for ‘hands on steel’ with the introduction of a new 
generation tools2
An ESG focused innovation event
Present or publish at least 5 thought leadership articles on sustainability 
for the industry
Environment Scope a project to improve GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) data collection
SocietyMeet internal earning growth targets
Ongoing investment in R&DDefine community partnerships guidelinesTeams to engage in volunteering events
GovernanceUpdate Sponsorship PolicyDeploy updated Channel Partners Agreements globallyExpand compliance training to channel partnersStreamline Modern Slavery and Transparency ReportingConduction climate-related financial disclosure gap analysis
(1) Positive shift in female leader representation was not achieved due to IMDEX's small leadership cohort meaning any female leader's
departure disproportionately impacted the data. The FY26 target has been adjusted to measure total female workforce to better reflect the broader gender diversity across the business.
(2) The 'hands on steel' target was aligned with internal targets on the rollout of our ACTx tool, which requires less manual handling of drill
rods by a driller. While the rollout is progressing, it did not achieve the internal target of conversion of our core orientation fleet to ACTx globally.For personal use only

=== Page 20 ===
19
FY26 Targets
FY26 Target
Product  
LeadershipMaintain ongoing investment in R&D of at least 8% of revenue
Integrate ESG metrics into IMDEX project prioritisation framework
Hold ESG innovation events in at least two regions
Sustainable 
Customer 
SolutionsQuantify environmental footprint improvement in at least 2 customer operations as a 
result of using IMDEX products
Present or publish at least 5 thought leadership articles on sustainability, with at least 
2 being customer case studies
Workforce  
of the FutureIncrease in total female workforce participation year on year
Maintain high level of safety engagements across all levels of the organisation, with a 
focus on demonstration of safety leadership
Global standardisation of flexible work offerings for employees within regions and 
functions
Assess AI augmented workforce design opportunities with a proof of concept for at 
least 2 functions
Strong  
FoundationsChannel partner conformity with training and governance standards maintained at 90% 
or higher
Modern slavery audit and living wage awareness training rolled out to 100% of supply 
chain teams
Implement Human Rights/Modern Slavery Policy
High Risk Supplier conformity with code of conduct and audit standards maintained at 
90% or higherFor FY26, our targets have been developed to align with the results of the materiality 
assessment and the Sustainability Strategy. A number of the FY25 targets are not being carried 
forward as a result of this review.
FY25 Target Performance
PeopleEnhance the quality of HSE engagement
>90% HSE training compliance
Update FY25-27 DE&I Strategy
Launch ESG Awareness training module
Positive shift in female leader representation1
Update IMDEX’s Sustainability Strategy to highlight the Company’s  
people-first approach
InnovationReduce the need for ‘hands on steel’ with the introduction of a new 
generation tools2
An ESG focused innovation event
Present or publish at least 5 thought leadership articles on sustainability 
for the industry
Environment Scope a project to improve GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) data collection
SocietyMeet internal earning growth targets
Ongoing investment in R&D
Define community partnerships guidelines
Teams to engage in volunteering events
GovernanceUpdate Sponsorship Policy
Deploy updated Channel Partners Agreements globally
Expand compliance training to channel partners
Streamline Modern Slavery and Transparency Reporting
Conduction climate-related financial disclosure gap analysis
For personal use only