=== Page 22 ===
INGENIA IS COMMITTED TO ACHIEVING 
ENERGY EFFICIENCIES AND REDUCING 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS FROM 
OUR BUILT COMMUNITIES AND BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS.
GHG emissions and risk management are the core of Ingenia’s 
climate change mitigation and adaptation strategy. We have 
undertaken a multi-pronged approach that includes increased 
adoption of alternative clean energy options, supporting 
energy efficiency measures in our built communities.
OUR REPORTED GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS 
ENCOMPASS THESE CATEGORIES: 
 SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS: 
These emissions primarily comprise of LPG and natural gas, which 
is used in barbecues and water heaters and is still in use in older 
homes and cabins. New developments are designed to be all electric.
SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS: 
This category includes emissions resulting from electricity 
consumption sourced from the grid. This electricity powers various 
aspects of our operations, including holiday parks, communal 
facilities within the Gardens, Lifestyle, and Rental communities.
RESIDENT EMISSIONS (SCOPE 3): 
Resident emissions encompass the GHG emissions produced from 
the electricity used in the homes of our residents across our Rental, 
Lifestyle and Gardens communities. 
In FY24, we continued to focus on reducing emissions 
and managing climate risks. Our approach to climate risk 
management is detailed in our Climate Disclosure Statement, 
issued in May 2023. This statement outlines our Climate 
Strategy, key risks, and opportunities across the business. 
Appendix A of this report includes details of energy use and 
emissions by portfolio and an update of our actions aligned 
to our Climate Strategy is outlined on page 88.
We are currently reviewing our Emissions Pathway and 
Climate Risk Disclosure to reflect the significant change in the 
Group’s asset base and business focus since our pathway was 
first established. This work will help us refine our strategies 
and ensure compliance with the latest standards as well as 
consider the Group’s Scope 3 emissions more widely. Emissions and 
Energy EfficiencyENVIRONMENT
20

=== Page 23 ===
EMISSIONS REDUCTION PATHWAY
NET ZERO COMMITMENT  – WE HAVE COMMITTED TO 
ACHIEVE NET ZERO CARBON EMISSIONS (SCOPE 1 AND 2). 
We have continued our progress towards the 2035 Net Zero target which covers our 
existing operations and includes an intermediary target of 30% reduction in Scope 1 and 
2 emissions (against a 2019 baseline). Following a best practice carbon management 
hierarchy (i.e. avoid, reduce and replace emissions before purchasing offsets). Our 
current focus is on decarbonising our portfolio as much as possible before moving 
to carbon offset purchasing.
We will refine our pathway over FY25 to capture significant changes in our portfolio 
since the original target was established.
Renewable energy  
(generated on-site)Renewable energy  
(purchased from grid )Eﬃciencies
(on-site )Eﬃciencies
(in grid )Carbon oﬀse t
(purchased from retailers)Operational  
eﬃciencies
(Part 1)
Solar 
optimisation  
with battery 
storag eOperational  
eﬃciencies
(Part 2)Solar 
(Phase 1)
Solar 
(Phase 2a )
Solar 
(Phase 2b )
Grid 
eﬃciencies
(on-going)Green 
power
Carbon  
oﬀsetsScope 
& 2
(tCO2e)Avoided 
emissions
Oﬀset 
emissions
2035 FY211
Image:  Ingenia Lifestyle Chambers Pines, QLD
 21
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE APPENDICES ENVIRONMENT INTRODUCTION

=== Page 25 ===
• Net Zero transportable 
cabin prototype  through 
our collaboration with 
Prefabulous, Aus Industry 
Innovations Connection 
Program and Sustainability 
Building Research Centre at 
the University of Wollongong: 
In FY24, we revised the 
design and commissioned the 
construction of a prototype. 
A Development Application 
(DA) has been lodged to 
install the prototype cabin 
at Ingenia Holidays Wagga 
Wagga
• Over FY25 we will progress 
cabin installation and 
monitoring.
Improved Data capture 
and Disclosures
• Installed more than 400 
energy sub-meters  and 90 
water meters in FY24. The 
installation of additional 
meters will continue 
through FY25
• In FY24, we implemented 
Fleet Card® for fuel purchases 
across our portfolio. This 
system enables us to monitor 
fuel expenditure, capture 
odometer readings, and 
compare running costs for 
each vehicle.  In addition to focusing 
on improving efficiency, 
this allows us to generate 
detailed fuel consumption 
reports that are now included 
in our emission disclosures. 
This information was not 
captured previously.
We will continue to improve our 
data capture in FY25, including 
consideration of Scope 3 
emissions.
23
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE APPENDICES ENVIRONMENT INTRODUCTION

=== Page 27 ===
Energy and Emissions Overall Performance 
Over the course of FY22 and FY23, we acquired 30 new communities, and since then we have continued 
to grow via development of new communities as the business focuses on asset creation. Our overall 
emissions disclosures reflects the impact of these acquisitions, greater data capture and completed 
developments, as well as our first two years of normal operations after COVID. 
The table below captures our overall performance data on energy consumption and greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions for activities under our operational control. The data summary excludes assets under 
development as outlined in our emissions protocol (refer to Appendix A).
Occupancy, Energy consumption and GHG emissions* FY24 FY23
Number of Assets Reported 86 90
Nights Occupied 3,365,483 3,432,608
Electricity Usage (MWh) 17,887 17,594
Natural Gas (MWh) 2,546 2,876
LPG (MWh) 4,295 4,402
Scope 1 Emissions (tCO2e) 1,409 1,494
Scope 2 Emissions (tCO2e) 12,755 13,130
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (tCO2e)) 14,077 14,512
Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (kg CO2e/night)) 4.2 4.2
Resident Emissions (tCO2e) - Scope 3 Emissions for Ingenia 7,521 8,214
* Assets under development are excluded. See Appendix A for more information.
In FY24, we observed ongoing changes in our occupied nights, energy consumption, and greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions across our portfolio driven by the sale of assets, continued asset intensification across 
the holiday and rental assets, completion of new developments and additional data capture, particularly 
in relation to gas and LPG. The change in asset mix remains the key driver of outcomes. FY24 saw a 
reduction in overall Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 3% compared to FY23. This year also reflected:
1.  The benefits of operating initiatives, including solar and LED.
2. Improvements in visibility in resident data. 
3.  Electricity and Fuel Usage: Electricity, Natural Gas and LPG consumption increased as we expanded 
our data capture and saw growth in occupancy across the business, leading to higher emissions. 
These comparisons provide insight into the changing dynamics of our business and footprint over 
the course of a year, with more detailed analysis of individual assets assisting in our assessment of 
opportunities and outcomes.
Our next focus is reviewing our Emissions Pathway to reflect the significant change in the Group’s asset 
base and focus, allowing us to refine our strategies and consider more targeted portfolio specific needs. 
25
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE APPENDICES ENVIRONMENT INTRODUCTION

=== Page 28 ===
Energy and Emissions Performance in Comparable Assets
To assist in tracking our progress towards our 2035 net zero carbon 
emissions from operations (Scope 1 and 2) goal, a medium term goal of 
a 30% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions has been set using a 2019 
baseline and comparable assets.
Pleasingly we have achieved an overall reduction of 18% across the 47 
assets included in the baseline, despite an increase in occupancy and 
intensification of the holiday and rental assets. Reductions in Gardens (over 
50% reduction in emissions), Lifestyle (over 30% reduction) and Rental 
(more than 45% reduction) have exceeded the target. While the occupancy 
in the holiday parks increased materially in the period (occupied nights up 
22%), and the addition of new accommodation further increased energy 
use, pleasingly the intensity of these assets reduced 15%. Overall intensity 
reduced 26%. Further analysis of these individual assets and outcomes 
is providing insight into the benefit of actions taken to date and further 
opportunities to enhance outcomes.
EMISSIONS AND ENERGY EFFICIENCYENVIRONMENT
Image:  Ingenia Lifestyle Lara, VIC 26

=== Page 38 ===
CREATING SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIESENVIRONMENT
In seeking to embed our sustainability focus across the Group, a range of initiatives were progressed. 
These initiatives form the foundation for longer-term improvements in portfolio resilience and overall 
business sustainability as new communities reflect our commitment to creating a positive impact. 
Progressing these initiatives will also support the continued evolution of our policies, standards and goals.2020 – 2021 
Participation in the GBCA Green Star 
for Early Homes Access Program 
• Continued construction on 
Ingenia Lifestyle Chambers Pines 
with electric homes and solar on 
community facilities only
• Committed to a Net Zero 
Operation by 2035 (Scope 1 and 
Scope 2) 
• Progressed construction on our 
first project featuring solar panels 
on homes – Ingenia Lifestyle 
Latitude One. 2022
All-electric homes at current 
and future projects 
• First battery installation at Hervey 
Bay
• Registered Ingenia Lifestyle 
Fullerton Cove for Green Star – 
Communities rating 
• Electric charging stations at all 
future communities 
• Progressed the clubhouse at 
Ingenia Lifestyle Parkside with 
Best Practice Built Environment 
Sustainability Scorecard (BESS) 
Assessment.Our journey towards creating more sustainable communities 
362023
Commenced construction on 
Beveridge community targeting 261 
Green Star Homes and Green Star - 
Communities rating
• Created Development Energy 
Strategy & Guidelines for future 
developments 
• First homes settled at Ingenia 
Lifestyle Natura with >4 kW solar 
and 3,000L water tanks on 7-star 
NatHERS rated homes
• Registered upcoming community 
in Bargara, for Green Star – 
Communities rating
• First installation of geothermal 
heating and cooling at Nature’s 
Edge, QLD.2024
Submitted 9 home designs for Green 
Star Homes design certification – 
Beveridge community
• Current projects were 
benchmarked against the 
Sustainability Design Guidelines
• Completed installation of 
geothermal heating and cooling at 
Ingenia Lifestyle Nature’s Edge
• Installed a 25,000L water tank at 
Ingenia Lifestyle Chambers Pines
• Registered 600+ home Archer’s Run 
community at Morisset for Green 
Star - Communities rating.

=== Page 83 ===
FOCUS AREA FY24 ACTIONS NEXT STEPS
 
Climate 
Strategy• Continue delivery of actions under 
the Climate strategy roadmap• Review emissions reduction pathway 
and consider Scope 3 emissions 
• Enhance climate-related disclosure 
practices in alignment with the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standard (ASRS) requirements for 
identifying, measuring and disclosing 
information about climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Human  
Rights• Extended our supplier analysis 
including integration of assessment 
into large procurement decisions and 
review of all suppliers with an annual 
spend of over $1m
• Embedded Responsible Sourcing 
Framework into procurement and 
supplier management for Priority 1/
high risk/over $1m spend
• Continued with Modern Slavery 
training as part of the onboarding 
process for new employees and 
offered ongoing annual training for 
all staff
• Continued to improve data capture 
and quality.• Expand assessment to Level 2 
suppliers
• Update relevant policies as part of 
continuous improvement to include 
Modern Slavery
• Explore technology solutions to 
assist with the management of 
Modern Slavery.
Information 
Technology 
and Cyber 
Security • Advanced Ingenia’s Cyber Security 
roadmap and attained alignment to 
the Australian Signal Directorate’s 
Essential 8 maturity model
• Partnering with strategic Cyber 
Security providers to ensure 
Ingenia’s roadmap and posture is 
continuously evolving
• Uplifting security awareness 
programs and utilising modern 
training platforms to help raise staff 
awareness to cyber security threats
• Designed a comprehensive 
business continuity plan tested by 
externally hosted crisis management 
simulations
• Revised & rolled out policies aligned 
with ISO 27001 standards
• Embedded cyber security training 
for staff on-boarding and sustained 
compulsory annual training for all 
staff members.• Targeting External assurance and 
verification on Cyber Sec targets
• Initiate a program of work to increase 
Ingenia’s privacy maturity and 
benchmark in line with the Australian 
Privacy Principles.Continued rollout of our 
climate strategy
Continued to strengthen our 
Modern Slavery Responsible 
Sourcing FrameworkFY24 Summary
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE APPENDICES ENVIRONMENT INTRODUCTION
81