=== Page 1 ===
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
 
 
To the Stakeholders of Ingham’s Group Ltd (Ingham’s) 
 
 
Limited Assurance Conclusion 
Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe the water related metrics (“Subject 
Matter Information”), including associated methods, assumptions, and estimation uncertainty, presented in Ingham’s Annual Report 2025 (“the Report”), 
are not fairly presented and prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting Criteria, within the scope of our limited assurance 
engagement (as outlined below). 
 
Scope of the Assurance Engagement  
The scope of assurance was limited to the Subject Matter Information, as presented in the table below and within the Report, applicable to facilities under 
Ingham’s operational control (breeder farms, broiler farms, feed mill, hatcheries, primary/further processing sites, distribution centres, administration offices) 
in Australia and New Zealand for the period of 30th June 2024 to 28th June 2025 (Ingham’s own financial year of 2025). 
Subject Matter Information Assured Figures 
Production (t)  1,993,887  
Scope 1 GHG emissions (tCO2 -eq) 55,812 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2 -eq) (location based)  128,861 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2 -eq) (market based)  158,209 
Total Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions (tCO2 -eq) (location based)  184,674* 
Total Scope 1  & 2 Location based emissions intensity (kgCO2 -eq/t) 92.6 
Total Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions (tCO2 -eq) (market based)  214,021 
Waste to landfill (kg)  8,707,867  
Waste to landfill intensity (kg/t)  4.37 
Total water withdraw n (kL) 4,797,430  
Total water withdraw n intensity (kL/t)  2.41 
Total recycled water usage (kL)  1,012,183  
Total water usage (kL)** 
Total water intensity (kL/t)  5,809,613 
2.91 
 
Note*: The figure may not precisely sum due to standard mathematical rounding conventions applied during calculation. 
Note**: Total water usage comprises the sum of all water withdrawn and the recycled water from water treatment plants necessary to meet production 
targets.  
 
Our assurance engagement does not extend to any other information included in the Report or information from earlier periods. We have not performed 
any procedures on the excluded information and, therefore, do not express any conclusion on it. 
 
Reporting Criteria 
The Reporting Criteria used for the reporting of the GHG emissions are the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard  (Revised Edition) 
(2015) issued by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), and Inghams’ internal 
document - “Sustainability Reporting Basis of Preparation FY2025” dated May 2025.  
 
Ingham’s Responsibilities 
Management of Ingham’s was responsible for: 
- Selecting and establishing suitable reporting criteria for preparing the Subject Matter Information subject to assurance. 
- Preparing and presenting the Subject Matter Information in accordance with the Reporting Criteria. 
- Designing, implementing, and maintaining internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Subject Matter Information that is free from material 
misstatement whether due to fraud or error. 
- Advising us of any known or suspected issues related to the Subject Matter Information. 
 
Our Responsibilities 
Bureau Veritas Australia Pty Ltd (“Bureau Veritas”) was responsible for: 
- Planning and performing the engagement to obtain the intended level of assurance about whether the Subject Matter Information is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
- Forming an independent conclusion based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained.  
- Reporting our conclusion to the Directors of Ingham’s. 
 
Bureau Veritas was not involved in the drafting of the Report and our independence has not been compromised.

=== Page 2 ===
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Summary of Work Performed 
Our limited assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410 Assurance 
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements,  ISAE 3000 Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information 
issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) and informed by Bureau Veritas' standard procedures and guidelines for 
external verification and assurance of ESG Information and Sustainability Reports. 
 
Our work was planned and executed in a manner designed to produce the intended level of assurance and to provide a sound basis for our conclusions. 
 
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgement and included enquiries, observation of processes performed, inspection of 
documents, analytical procedures, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and reporting policies, and agreeing or reconciling with 
underlying records. In undertaking our assurance engagement, our procedures comprised: 
 
- Review of the suitability and application of the Reporting Criteria used as the basis for preparing the Subject Matter Information. 
- Enquiries of Ingham’s representatives to gain an understanding and evaluate implementation of processes, systems and internal controls to 
collect, aggregate, calculate, analyse and report the Subject Matter Information. 
- Enquiries of personnel responsible for the performance of the processes and preparation of the Subject Matter Information. 
- Review of documentary evidence produced by Ingham’s representatives.  
- Comprehensive performance data testing, involving source verification as well as mathematical accuracy of the calculations pertaining to the 
Subject Matter Information. 
- Assessment of whether the methods for developing estimates are appropriate and had been consistently applied.  
- Review of the presentation and disclosure of the Subject Matter Information within the Report. 
- Request of Management Representation Letter on key assertions. 
 
The scope of a limited assurance engagement is significantly narrower than a reasonable assurance engagement. This includes fewer risk assessment 
procedures, a more limited understanding of internal controls, and less extensive responsive testing. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a 
limited engagement is substantially lower than a reasonable assurance. Even a reasonable assurance engagement, while providing a high level of 
assurance, does not guarantee the detection of all material misstatements, should they exist. 
 
Inherent Limitations and Exclusions 
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to:  
- Activities outside the defined reporting period. 
- Statements of commitment to, or intention to undertake future actions by Ingham’s. 
- Statements of position, opinion, belief and/or aspiration by Ingham’s.  
- Financial data audited by an external third party. 
- Other sites and/or activities not included in the scope. 
 
This independent assurance statement should not be relied upon to detect all errors, omissions or misstatements that may exist within the Report. 
 
Statement of Independence, Impartiality, Competence 
Bureau Veritas is a global leader in Testing, Inspection and Certification (“TIC”) services whose mission is to support its clients complying with regulations, 
managing risks and improving performance to meet the challenges of quality, health, safety, hygiene, environmental protection and social responsibility. 
Leveraging its renowned expertise, as well as its impartiality, integrity and independence, Bureau Veritas has helped build trust between companies, 
public authorities and consumers for nearly 200 years ( https://group.bureauveritas.com/ ).  
 
Bureau Veritas operates a quality management system across its activities and has implemented a robust Code of Ethics to maintain high ethical standards 
among its personnel and business partners in their day-to-day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention of conflicts of interest. 
 
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Ingham’s, its Directors or Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We have 
conducted this assurance engagement independently and there has been no conflict of interest. 
 
The assurance team was selected based on its extensive industry sector knowledge and experience in conducting independent verification, validation 
and assurance of Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) information and associated systems and processes. 
 
 
Bureau Veritas Australia Pty Ltd 
11th September 2025 
 
Jeremy Leu 
General Manager, Perth, Australia