=== Table 1 (page 30) ===
Impact and innovation,Gross emissions have been estimated using a standardised
,approach based on activity data and emission factors.
Greenhouse gas emissions,
,"Activity data collected – such as fuel combustion, electricity"
We completed our third annual calculation of the Group’s,
,"usage, distance travelled, or dollars spent – were multiplied"
"GHG emissions in FY25, demonstrating our commitment to",
,by relevant emission factors. Emissions factors are coefficients
keeping our stakeholders informed of the Group’s carbon,
,that estimate the amount of GHGs emitted per unit of activity.
footprint. The nature and modest quantum of the Group’s,
,IPH has used publicly available emission factors published
emissions set out in the table below reflect the low‑emission,
,by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and
nature of professional services businesses.,
,Australian National Greenhouse Accounts Factors.
Our ongoing efforts to track our GHG emissions are essential for,
,The increase in Group GHG emissions from FY24 to FY25
monitoring our environmental impact. The GHG emissions data,
,is mainly attributed to the acquisition of the Bereskin & Parr
set out in this report adheres to international standards such,
,"business during FY25, and the full year impact of businesses"
"as the International Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol),",
,acquired part year through FY24.
"which is adopted by AASB S2, along with ISO 14064‑1 Standard",
for the reporting of GHG emissions and removals.,Scope 3 GHG emissions
,Scope 3 GHG emissions represent indirect emissions
"During FY25, IPH:",
,arising from activities across our value chain that are not
"— formalised a basis of preparation, which provides clear",
,included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 and are the highest source
"guidance as to the methods of calculation, including",
,of GHG emissions for the Group as a network of professional
"appropriate emission factors, for the Group’s Scope",
,services businesses.
"1, 2 and applicable Scope 3 GHG emissions;",
,The graph below depicts the categories that comprise the
"— established a boundary setting policy, by adopting",
,Group’s Scope 3 GHG emissions.
"the operational control method. Under this method,",
IPH accounts for 100% of its emissions from,
,Puchased Goods & Services (Category 1)
"operations over which it, including its subsidiaries,",
,"9,284"
"has operational control, as Scope 1 emissions;",
,"6,806"
— refined the methodology and conversion factors used,
,Capital Goods (Category 2)
for estimating and calculating GHG emissions; and,
,180
— established more robust processes and controls to ensure,
,740
data used to calculate emissions is complete and accurate.,
,Fuel & Other Energy-Related Activities (Category 3)
The Group’s FY24 comparative GHG emissions data has been,