=== Page 24 ===
Strategic Context  
and Market Trends
The global IP landscape continues 
to evolve rapidly. Geopolitical risks and 
deglobalisation are reshaping supply 
chains and investment flows, while at 
the same time increasing the urgency 
for companies to secure and protect  
their IP , particularly in high‑tech sectors.
Despite a general decline in market‑ wide 
patent filings, our Australia/New Zealand 
(ANZ ) segment continued to deliver 
revenue growth in FY25. This reflects 
the long‑term, annuity ‑style nature of 
our revenue base, where current‑period 
filings are only one of several contributors 
to performance. One example of this 
is the volume of case transfers we 
secured, with 721 patent transfers 
secured in ANZ this year as part of 
a broader portfolio of 4,200 trade marks, 
patents, and designs secured in the 
region. These represent future revenue 
opportunities and highlight the benefits 
of our networked business model.
In our Asian segment, IPH Group 
Patent filings increased by 16.5% in 
FY25 compared to FY24. We achieved 
double‑digit growth in seven countries 
within Asia, with growth particularly strong 
in telecommunications. Notably, patent 
filing growth improved in our regional 
hub in Singapore. 
In China, we observed a dual trend; our 
office in China supported growing inbound 
filings from international corporates, 
while outbound filings by Chinese 
corporates into our other markets also 
increased. As China becomes a primary 
global IP market, we are expanding our 
focus to capture this underrepresented 
revenue opportunity. 
In Canada, our operations were affected 
by significant delays at the CIPO following 
the launch of their new filing system in 
July 2024. These delays have impacted 
the timing of revenue particularly in 
relation to CIPO reports. It  is important to 
note that this represents delayed revenue 
rather than lost revenue. We expect the 
majority of these fees to be recovered 
in FY26 as the backlog clears.
The integration of Bereskin & Parr 
into our Canadian member firm, 
Smart & Biggar, was completed in 
FY25. We achieved CAD4.5 million in 
cost synergies, exceeding our initial 
target of CAD3.7 million. These benefits 
included savings in areas such as 
premises, insurance, and staff costs. 
While FY25 was affected by both the 
CIPO system issues and the integration 
process, we anticipate that FY26 will 
be a clean operational year for our 
Canadian businesses, and we remain 
well positioned for continued growth 
in that market.Sustainability
In FY25, we made meaningful progress 
in advancing our sustainability agenda 
by focusing on those areas most material 
to our business and stakeholders. 
We refined our greenhouse gas 
emissions measurement in preparation 
for mandatory climate‑related disclosures 
commencing in FY26. We also finalised 
a Group‑ wide Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion strategy reflecting the 
increasingly global nature of our business 
and received endorsement for our 
inaugural Reflect Reconciliation Action 
Plan in Australia, both of which reflect 
our broader commitment to inclusive 
and responsible business practices.
To further support our people, we 
launched a global HRIS and began 
building a Learning Management System 
(LMS), both significant investments 
which will provide a better employee 
experience and richer understanding of 
our workforce. These initiatives reflect 
our long‑term commitment to building 
a sustainable, resilient organisation 
that supports our people, clients, 
and communities.
People and Leadership
Our people remain central to our success. 
In FY25 we welcomed over 300 new 
employees to the Group and maintained 
a low regrettable employee turnover 
rate of 9%, well below industry averages. 
These statistics reflect an engaged 
team that continues to deliver high 
quality outcomes for our clients and, by 
extension, our shareholders.
I am pleased to welcome Brendan York 
to the Executive Team as our new CFO. 
Brendan brings more than 20 years of 
finance leadership experience, including 
nine years as CFO of ASX ‑listed Enero 
Group and most recently as a portfolio 
manager at Naos Asset Management. 
Brendan succeeds John Wadley, who 
announced his departure earlier this 
year, after nine years of outstanding 
service. John’s leadership helped guide 
IPH through critical phases of growth. 
On behalf of the Board and management, 
I would like to sincerely thank John for 
his significant contribution and wish 
him every success in his next chapter.Transformation has been embedded 
into the Group with Christian Eckelmann 
joining us as Chief Transformation 
Officer in January 2025. As part of our 
transformation journey, I reviewed the 
structure of the Executive Team in FY25, 
aiming to reduce the overall team size 
and streamline our operations to reflect 
the size and structure of our business and 
our focus on consolidating our existing 
business and driving organic growth.
As a result, the Chief Commercial Officer 
and Group General Counsel positions 
were removed from our operating model. 
The remit of our Chief People Officer, 
Fiona Darlington, expanded to include the 
communications function, and the remit 
of our CFO now includes the legal and 
risk functions.
Innovation, Strategy, 
and Operational Excellence
We continued to invest in innovation and 
technology throughout FY25. Work has 
begun to embed AI across key aspects of 
our operations, including patent drafting, 
workflow design, technology scanning, 
and client collaboration. In FY26, we will 
apply AI to core administrative functions 
starting with Accounts Payable, helping to 
streamline operations and reduce costs. 
These investments support our 
broader strategy to scale efficiently 
and improve service delivery. During 
FY25, we turned our focus to organic 
performance and operational excellence 
across our network in ANZ, Asia, and 
Canada. Our model will empower 
member firms to achieve greater success 
by balancing each member firm’s identity 
with the benefits of Group‑ wide scale 
and strategic support. This will guide 
our priorities in FY26 and beyond as 
we continue to build a more integrated 
and agile Group.
Outlook
FY25 was a year of disciplined execution 
and strategic progress. We strengthened 
our market position, improved operational 
efficiency, and laid the foundations for 
the next phase of growth. With a clear 
strategy, scalable platform, and strong 
leadership team in place, we are well 
positioned to deliver further value for 
shareholders in FY26 and beyond.
Thank you for your continued support.
Dr Andrew Blattman
CEO and Managing Director,  
IPH Limited
21
Directors’ Report Financial Statements Remuneration Report Shareholder Information Corporate Directory

=== Page 27 ===
At IPH, it is important for intellectual excellence to coexist 
with sustainable, ethical, and responsible business practices. 
As a global leader in the provision of IP services, our 
carbon footprint is relatively low, and our ability to influence 
positive environmental and social change across innovation 
ecosystems is significant. While our emissions footprint is 
modest, sustainability is not peripheral to our business; it 
is embedded in how we operate, think, and deliver value 
to our clients. 
In this report, we outline the progress we have made across 
our sustainability strategic priorities. In FY25, we have focused 
on continuing to embed responsible governance, championing 
diversity and inclusion, and supporting the wellbeing and 
development of our people. Our sustainability highlights 
during the year include:
 —advanced the calculation of our greenhouse 
gas emissions in preparation for mandatory 
sustainability disclosures in FY26;
 —refreshed our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Policy and developed and adopted a Group‑
wide Diversity, Equity and Inclusion strategy to 
guide inclusive practices across the Group;
 —received endorsement for our inaugural Reflect 
Reconciliation Action Plan from Reconciliation Australia – 
a key milestone in our reconciliation journey;
 —monitored progress against our gender pay gap metrics, 
and secured Board approval for a 40/40/20 gender 
representation target to guide leadership appointments 
and succession planning for Board composition;
 —rolled out mental health first aid training, 
assisting to foster a psychologically safe 
and supportive work environment;
 —developed an Employee Value Proposition which 
defines the unique IPH employment experience and 
will guide our employee experience initiatives; and
 —developed a new LMS which will centralise access 
to training and empower our people to take charge 
of their personal and professional development.These achievements reflect the hard work and shared values 
of our people, our commitment to our clients, and the strength 
of our governance.
We remain committed to being a responsible, ethical, 
and sustainable business and look forward to continuing to 
strengthen our sustainability activities in FY26. Importantly, 
as a Group 1 reporting entity, IPH is undertaking work to enhance 
our processes, procedures, and controls in preparation for 
mandatory reporting under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
and the Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB S2 Climate‑
related Disclosures in FY26. This work aligns with our dedication 
to transparency, accountability, and continuous improvement 
in our sustainability practices.
We are proud of the role we play in fostering global innovation, 
and equally proud to nurture a culture that values long‑term 
sustainability goals. 
We thank our stakeholders – our clients, employees, 
shareholders, and partners – for your continued trust 
and support. 
Peter Warne
Non-executive Chairman
Dr Andrew Blattman
Chief Executive OfficerMessage from our Chair and CEO 
We are pleased to present IPH’s 2025 Sustainability Report. 
24
IPH Annual Report 2025 About Year in Review Our Board & Leadership Sustainability Report

=== Page 29 ===
Our approach to sustainability 
Our IPH member firms located in Australia, Canada, 
New Zealand, and across Asia provide services to a range of 
clients in industries including pharmaceutical, engineering, 
aerospace, healthcare, food and beverage, life sciences, 
agriculture, biotechnology, ICT, and fintech. We work with 
clients to secure IP protection and commercialisation of new 
technologies, inventions, and designs. Our work supports 
a range of innovations in industries central to sustainability, 
including renewable energy and clean technology.
We engage with a diverse range of communities, including 
partnering with organisations to support causes that drive 
positive social change, with a particular focus on education 
and science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
In FY25, we continued to implement the sustainability 
strategic priorities outlined in our sustainability strategy. 
We also partnered with an external advisor to continue to 
prepare for mandatory Australian climate reporting under 
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) and 
the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB 
S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2). As a Group 1 
reporting entity, IPH’s 2026 Sustainability Report will contain 
climate‑related financial information required under the 
Corporations Act and AASB S2.
Sustainability governance 
The IPH Board is responsible for approving the Group’s 
sustainability strategy. Sustainability is also integrated within 
the Board’s Committee governance structure, with the 
Group’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions calculations and 
climate reporting compliance considerations overseen by 
the Audit and Risk Committee. The Board approves external 
communications as they relate to sustainability reporting. 
Our sustainability strategic priorities
Six sustainability strategic priorities underpin IPH’s 
sustainability strategy. These strategic priorities are: 
 —Governance, privacy and data security – 
manage risk effectively, maintain transparency 
and drive successful outcomes.
 —Client experience – deliver exceptional client service through 
the expertise of our people and the strength of our network.
 —Impact and innovation – champion sustainable 
innovation and reduce our environmental impact.
 —Diversity, equity and inclusion – build and 
support a diverse and inclusive workplace.
 —Education and training – build a culture of continuous 
and holistic learning and development.
 —Wellbeing and flexibility – create healthy, flexible 
and engaged teams, built on autonomy and trust. While all sustainability strategic priorities carry equal 
importance, in FY25 we focused on the following four priorities, 
with key highlights and further details set out in the sections 
that follow: 
 —Governance, privacy and data security 
 —Impact and innovation 
 —Diversity, equity and inclusion 
 —Education and training 
Governance, privacy and data security 
IPH is committed to high standards of corporate governance 
to ensure the long‑term sustainability of our business, including 
to deliver value to our stakeholders. During FY25, our focus on 
governance, risk, and compliance remained a key sustainability 
priority. Further details on our approach to corporate 
governance and risk management can be found in our 
2025 Corporate Governance Statement. 
Privacy and data protection
An important element of strong governance and compliance 
across the Group is the protection of data and the implementation 
of strong cybersecurity measures, something that IPH takes 
very seriously. 
As a provider of services to a large and diverse client base 
across multiple jurisdictions, IPH recognises that strong 
cybersecurity and responsible data stewardship are essential 
to sustaining trust and long‑term business resilience.
To that end, IPH has established a dedicated Group information 
security capability, focused on implementing a multi‑ year 
cybersecurity uplift roadmap, backed by continued investment 
in systems, capabilities, and controls. The roadmap is 
structured around the industry ‑recognised NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework, against which we regularly measure our security 
posture. We have set clear year ‑on‑ year maturity targets 
to drive continuous improvement, and we are proud to 
report that we have successfully met our FY25 maturity goal, 
reaching the halfway mark of this multi‑ year program.
Significant progress in our cybersecurity uplift program 
was made in FY25 and work will continue as we progress 
this multi‑year program. The initiatives within the program 
are focused on strengthening our overall security 
maturity and reducing risk exposure, helping to ensure 
the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and 
systems across our operations.
About Year in Review26
Our Board & Leadership IPH Annual Report 2025 Sustainability Report