=== Page 5 ===
66.4% reduction in Scope 1 & 2 emissions*Transformation
 →The transformation program that commenced 
in 2023 was successfully completed in 2024, 
delivering significant value through strategic 
restructuring, disciplined cost management, 
standardised pricing and product innovation. 
 →These efforts have driven strong FY24 financial 
results, significant earnings improvement 
and reshaped Iress into a leaner, more 
focused organisation. 
Customer & innovation
 →In 2024, we recorded a significant increase in 
customer sentiment, as measured by Net Promoter 
Score (NPS), which increased by 25 points on 2023.
 →Iress launched a new end-to-end digital advice 
and education solution targeted at supporting the 
superannuation industry to engage and service 
the 11.8 million Australians who have unmet 
advice needs. 
 →Advisely, Iress’ community platform for advice 
professionals, reached over 45,000 people 
and grew to a subscribed community of more 
than 9,000. 
 →We launched Iress FIX Hub, a first-of-its-kind 
cloud -native financial information exchange 
platform, in seven countries with over 130 FIX 
connections. 
 →We progressed a number of data & AI initiatives, 
including a data product providing insights to the 
funds management industry into retail advice 
capital flows, and prototyping new AI-enabled 
capabilities to drive improved efficiency for 
financial advisers using Xplan.People & culture
 →We maintained WORK180 ‘Endorsed Employer for 
Women’ status in Australia and the UK.
 →We evolved our remuneration model and performance 
framework further, with all Iress people eligible to 
participate in a short-term Incentive program from 
2025. Potential rewards are directly linked to the 
delivery of company and individual objectives. 
 →We strengthened our parental leave policy, with all 
permanent employees and fixed term contractors 
eligible to access parental leave benefits and 
continued payment of retirement contributions from 
their first day of employment, from January 2025. 
 →We recognised 223 people through our  
long-service program.
 →We enabled 24 people to access Iress’ ‘Starting 
School’ leave benefit to support their children when 
starting school for the first time. 
Environment & social impact 
* Against 2019 baseline, market-based emissions.
37.4% reduction 
in Scope 3 emissions,* 
achieving our 
2030 target
95% renewable 
electricity in Australia
927  volunteer hours
4 women supported to 
gain ICT qualifications 
in partnership with 
Academy Xi3

=== Page 9 ===
This access pertained to a limited 
amount of personal information 
relating to 20 individuals who were 
employees of OneVue and its clients, 
who had entered their personal 
information for testing purposes. 
Each of these individuals were 
contacted directly about the incident 
and provided with appropriate 
guidance and support. After an 
investigation and prompt response, 
the Office of Australian Information 
Commissioner (OIAC) confirmed no 
further action was necessary.
Responsible Business
In 2024, Iress conducted a formal 
materiality process to prioritise 
environment, social and governance 
(ESG) matters. The results inform our 
future ESG strategy, which we refer to 
as Responsible Business. This process 
has also informed our disclosure 
approach this year, with a more 
integrated presentation in this report 
and the addition of a sustainability 
databook  to enhance accessibility 
of quantitative data. The materiality 
results will also inform the reset of 
our Responsible Business strategy, 
which we have brought forward one 
year to 2025.
Iress continues to prepare for 
the upcoming climate-related 
sustainability reporting standards, 
completing climate scenario analysis 
to better understand our risks 
and opportunities. Iress has made strong progress 
against our Science-Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) endorsed targets, 
including early achievement of our 
Scope 3 emissions reductions goal.
We also saw a strong uptake in 
community participation through Iress 
Impact, with our people contributing 
more than 900 hours in volunteering, 
nearly double our 2023 results.
Board and Leadership 
In October 2024, Iress announced the 
promotion of Harry Mitchell to Deputy 
Group CEO, enabling Group CEO 
Marcus Price to focus on strategic 
growth opportunities for the business. 
Geoff Rogers was also appointed CEO 
– Trading & Market Data following the 
departure of Jason Hoang. 
Our Board renewal process was 
commenced with the appointment 
of Susan Forrester AM and 
Robert Mactier as independent 
Non -Executive Directors and the 
retirement of Julie Fahey and Niki 
Beattie by the conclusion of the 2025 
Annual General Meeting. 
Outlook 
We begin 2025 a leaner, more 
streamlined business with a clear 
focus on growth. 
Our ambition is now clear – to position 
Iress to capture the significant growth 
opportunities present in global wealth 
management, powered by innovation 
in data and AI; while capitalising on our 
strengths in providing critical trading 
infrastructure within our core markets.In 2025 we see considerable 
opportunity to expand our presence 
in the ecosystems we exist within – 
specifically digital advice (through 
superannuation), retirement income, 
data products and cloud-based 
trading technologies. 
As we look to the future, we see 
Iress as well placed to leverage 
the structural tailwinds and 
growing markets in global 
wealth management through the 
modularisation of our software, 
the development of new technologies 
and the exploration of new and 
emerging data and AI products. 
We are pleased to have reinstated a 
final dividend of 10 cents per share 
and provide FY25 guidance for 
NPATA in a range of $54m to $62m 
and Adjusted EBITDA in the range 
of $127m to $135m.
We would like to acknowledge the 
commitment and hard work by Iress’ 
people throughout the transformation 
– our results have been a  
whole-of-business effort.
We would also like to thank the Iress 
Board and our shareholders who 
have been fully supportive of the 
transformation process. We look 
forward with an even greater degree 
of confidence and optimism for 
the future. 
Thank you 
 
Marcus Price  
Managing Director  
& Chief Executive OfficerRoger Sharp  
Chair  7

=== Page 12 ===
How we create value
 →$604.6 m  
delivered revenue 
 →1,635  
people globally
 →Employee development and 
reward programs to drive 
high performance
 →Investment in improving 
customer solutions 
and reliability
 →Investment in industry 
engagement and 
development
 →Iress Impact program 
to deliver benefit to our 
communities
 →Supply chain due diligence 
programs
 →Emissions generated by 
business activities
 →Waste management →Investment in technology, 
data and systems
 →Emerging growth in data 
and AI capabilities
 →Deeply embedded within the 
financial services industry
Inputs Value creation
Our purpose:
We harness the power of technology 
to enable a smarter financial system 
that delivers more for everybody.
Our  peopleOur  business   
performance
Our  customers 
and  ecosystem
Our  innovation 
 and expertise
Our  
communities
Our   
environment
APAC Wealth Trading & Global 
Market DataSuperannuation
UK 
Canada,  
South Africa  
& Other
Our values:
Go beyond
Act smart
Win together
10
Annual Report 2024

=== Page 13 ===
→Disciplined cost management driving 
enhanced operating leverage 
 →Significant uplift in Adjusted EBITDA 
 →Reinstated final dividend →Simplified business portfolio
 →Strengthened balance sheet 
 →32,000 Australian Xplan users and  
4m+ super member accounts
 →Iress FIX Hub in seven countries with 
over 130 FIX connections
 →9,000+ Advisely subscribed users →High customer retention, improving 
customer satisfaction  →Over 15,000  hours of training 
and development 
 →41% women in leadership roles →Maintained WORK180 Endorsed 
Employer for Women status
 →A safe and rewarding environment 
where talented people thrive
 →Increased % of sites ISO27001 certified  →Reliable, secure and responsibly 
utilised data that aids efficiency, 
productivity and decision making
 →Enhances customer value and 
commercial proposition
 →Enhanced business resilience
 →$500,000 donated through Iress 
Impact to the community
 →900+ volunteer hours
 →Rolled out modern slavery training to 
all employees →Strong brand and employer reputation
 →Minimising risk of human rights 
violations in our value chain
 →95% renewable electricity in Australia
 →Standardised waste reduction strategies →Strong progress towards SBTi 
emissions reduction goals, including 
early achievement of Scope 3 target
 →743 end of life electronic devices 
reused, repurposed or recycled
Outputs
 Outcomes11

=== Page 32 ===
Environment  
& social impact
Climate and carbon 
emissions
Our governance approach 
Iress’ climate program seeks to 
both minimise our emissions 
and manage future risks and 
opportunities from climate change 
and the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. Iress’ three-year program 
to align to the recommendations of 
the Taskforce on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) began 
in 2022, and during the year we 
have further progressed these 
activities, in addition to preparing 
for the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS). 
Iress is a Group 1 ASRS reporter. The Board oversees Iress’ ESG 
responsibilities including climate 
change, and is supported by the 
ARC in overseeing Iress’ Risks 
Management Framework, within 
which climate-related risks are 
integrated. The ARC also makes 
recommendations to the Board 
regarding Iress’ climate governance, 
performance against targets, and 
disclosures. The Board considers ESG 
matters twice a year at a minimum. 
At the management level, our Chief 
Operating Officer (COO) is the Climate 
Sponsor for the leadership team. The 
Head of Environmental & Social Impact 
manages day-to-day implementation 
of our climate program, working 
closely with other business units such 
as procurement and facilities. Strategy 
Our approach to climate change 
seeks to mitigate climate-related 
risks, capitalise on climate-related 
opportunities, and reduce our net 
impact on the climate. 
In 2024, Iress performed a physical 
and transition climate scenario 
analysis aligned with ASRS 
requirements to better understand 
its climate exposures under two 
plausible scenarios, outlined below. 
This exercise built upon existing 
assessments by evaluating climate 
risks in more detail, factoring in 
different geographic locations, a 
range of climate hazards, various 
time horizons, and residual risk. 
The cross-functional exercise was 
facilitated by a third-party. 
Lower temperature limit (aligned to 1.5C)
 IPCC – SSP1 2.6  NGFS – Net zero 2050
TemperatureGlobal warming limited  
to 1.5°CPolicy ambition 1.4°C
Extreme rainfall 
and flood eventsLess intense and less frequent   
rainfall eventsPolicy reaction Immediate and smooth
Changes in  
precipitation patternsModerate variability Technology change Fast change
Bushfire events Reduced fire weather risk Carbon dioxide removal Medium-high use
Sea level rise Slower and reduced rise Regional policy variation Medium variation
Low emissions scenario – Focus on transition risks
IPCC – Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, NGFS – Network for Greening the Financial System, SSP – Shared Socio-economic Pathways.30
Annual Report 2024

=== Page 33 ===
Iress recognises the shared global challenge of climate 
change. Our emissions reduction targets have been 
endorsed by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), 
showing our commitment to playing our part. As the world 
transitions to a low-carbon economy, change and disruption 
are inevitable. We need to act smart in our management of 
the risks and opportunities to continue to deliver value for 
our stakeholders, and respond to changing stakeholder and 
legislative expectations. 
A strong connection to our community helps Iress deliver 
on our goal of a smarter financial system that works for 
everyone and helps engage our people.Why this topic is 
material to Iress 
Time horizons considered were short 
(2030), medium (2050) and long (2070) 
term. This facilitated assessment of 
shorter-term impacts of policy change 
as well as physical impacts from 
long-term changes to the climate.
After the initial risk was assessed, 
we identified existing controls 
to understand the residual risk 
exposure, reviewed peer climate 
exposure, and consulted with 
internal stakeholders as part of the 
assessment. The prioritised risks and 
opportunities are presented below.Risk and opportunity 
management
Climate risks are managed within 
our Risk Management Framework. 
This supports a consistent and 
holistic consideration of climate 
related risks, including assessment 
against the impact/likelihood matrix, 
assignment of risk ownership and 
identification of existing controls and 
assessment of their effectiveness. 
In 2024, climate-related risks 
were updated to incorporate key 
findings from the scenario analysis, 
shown overleaf. Current and 
emerging business unit and 
organisation -wide risks are reviewed 
regularly in accordance with Iress’ 
Risk Management Framework. Iress will continue to review and 
update climate risks and opportunities 
via stakeholder engagement, climate 
scenario analysis findings, feedback 
from senior leaders, and financial 
impact modelling. In 2025, we will 
also consider how climate-related 
opportunities can be integrated 
into our business unit strategy 
planning process.
Upper temperature limit (exceeding 2.5C)
 IPCC – SSP5 8.5  NGFS current policies
TemperatureIncrease in extreme  
temperatures 4°CPolicy ambition Low
Extreme rainfall 
and flood eventsMore intense and more 
frequent eventsPolicy reaction Delayed and limited
Changes in 
precipitation patternsHigh variability Technology change Slow change
Bushfire eventsMore dangerous and 
frequent fire weatherCarbon dioxide removal Low use
Sea level rise Continued rise Regional policy variation Low variation
High emissions scenario – Focus on physical risks31