=== Page 17 ===
Iren Group 
 
15 
 in Sardinia and Lombardy and has disposal plants in the regions of Marche and Apulia. Finally, via I.Blu, it is active in the 
sorting of plastic waste for recovery and recycling and in the treatment of plastic waste for the production of Blupolymer 
(polymer for civil uses) and Bluair (reducing agent for steel plants). 
 
In June and October 2023 respectively, the Waste Management BU expanded its scope with the acquisition of a majority 
investment in ReMat and Semia Green. The first is an innovative Turin-based start-up operating in the recovery of 
polyurethane foam (particularly from mattresses, seat padding and furniture), while the second is active in the province of 
Siena in the capture of biogas from landfills. Since the beginning of 2024, Siena Ambiente has also been included in the 
group’s consolidation scope. The company operates, in the province of Siena, a municipal waste sorting and valorisation 
plant, two composting plants, a waste-to-energy plant and a landfill for a total waste treated of about 200,000 tonnes per 
year. 
Through the subsidiary San Germano, in 2024 the scope of collection activities was also extended in the Province of Cuneo 
(54 municipalities for 163,000 inhabitants) and in the Province of Asti (63 municipalities for 57,000 inhabitants). 
The Waste Management BU serves a total of 552 municipalities with about 4.48 million residents in its operational areas. 
The integrated waste cycle is mainly made up of 4 waste-to-energy plants (TRM in Turin, Polo Ambientale Integrato (PAI) 
(Integrated Environmental Hub), in Parma, and Tecnoborgo, in Piacenza and FOCI in Siena), 4 active landfills, 431 equipped 
technological stations and 60 plants including sorting, storage, recovery, biodigestion and composting. 
 
 
ENERGY BU 
 
The Business Unit operates in the production of electricity and heat, the latter distributed through district heating networks, 
and in energy efficiency services to public and private entities. 
 
Production of electricity and heat 
The Energy BU has an installed electric power capacity of 3,286 MW in electric power mode and 3,114 MW in cogeneration 
mode, and a thermal power capacity of 2,350 MWt. Specifically, it has 41 electricity production plants directly available to it: 
33 hydroelectric (of which 3 mini-hydro), mostly located in Piedmont and Campania, 7 cogeneration thermoelectric 
(Piedmont and Emilia-Romagna) and one conventional thermoelectric in Turbigo (Milan).  
The Business Unit also has 111 photovoltaic plants with an installed capacity of 210 MW, the largest of which are located in 
Apulia and Basilicata, and a wind farm in Liguria with an installed power of approximately 6 MW.  
Electricity produced by plants fuelled by renewable or high-efficiency cogeneration sources, which account for 64% of the 
Group’s plant portfolio, generate 73% of all output. In particular, the hydroelectric system and production from solar sources 
play an important role in terms of environmental protection, thanks to the use of renewable and clean resources, without the 
emission of polluting substances, and allow to reduce the use of other forms of production with higher environmental impact.  
On the thermal production side, it should be noted that, on average, at Group level only 16% of the heat for district heating is 
produced by conventional heat generators: in fact, 75% comes from high-efficiency cogeneration plants, while the residual 
portion (9%) is produced by plants not belonging to the Business Unit (waste-to-energy plants, as part of their disposal 
activities).  
 
District heating 
Iren Energia has the most extensive district heating network at national level (1,146 kilometres of double pipe network), with 
779 kilometres in Turin and surrounding municipalities, 220 in the municipality of Reggio Emilia, 103 in the municipality of 
Parma, 36 in the municipality of Piacenza and 8 in the municipality of Genoa; the total heated volume amounts to 102.3 
million cubic metres.  
 
Energy efficiency services 
The Energy BU, through its subsidiary Iren Smart Solutions, addresses companies, private condominiums, Public 
Administration and third sector entities, with an articulated portfolio of services: 
 energy efficiency, carrying out design and implementation of energy requalification interventions: insulation, co-
insulation, replacement of windows, innovative technological services, efficiency improvement of heating and air 
conditioning systems; 
 installation of photovoltaic, solar thermal and self-generation energy systems; 
 management of heating systems; 
 realisation of Renewable Energy Communities (RECs); 
 energy consultancy, energy management and monitoring for energy saving; 
 global service for the integrated management of electrical and technological plants of complex property assets; 
 relamping LEDs through energy efficiency projects in lighting, public and artistic lighting, efficient management of traffic 
light systems.

=== Page 18 ===
Iren Group 
16 
 MARKET BU 
 
The Market BU operates in the sale of electricity, gas and heat for district heating, and of extra-commodity services and 
products, in particular for energy efficiency. It is present throughout Italy, with a greater concentration in the central-northern 
area. 
 
Sale of electricity 
The Market BU operates, in the context of the free market, all over the country, with a higher concentration of customers in 
Central and Northern Italy, and handles the sale of the energy provided by the Group’s various sources on the market of final 
customers and wholesalers. 
The number of retail and small business electricity customers managed exceed 1.3 million, distributed mainly in the areas 
of historical presence (Turin, Parma, Reggio Emilia, Piacenza, Vercelli and Genoa) and in the other commercially covered 
areas (Alessandria and Salerno).  
Iren Mercato and Salerno Energia Vendite were awarded the auctions for the assignment of the graduated protection service 
in several southern provinces, while at the same time, they transferred customers in their own areas, with a net positive 
balance of about 160 thousand customers in the domestic segment and about 26 thousand withdrawal points in the small 
and medium-sized business segment. 
 
Sale of Natural Gas 
The retail gas portfolio of the Market Business Unit mainly concerns the historical basins of Genoa, Turin and Emilia, the 
development areas bordering on them, Vercelli, Alessandria and La Spezia, as well as the Campania area, in almost all 
provinces, and some municipalities in the Basilicata, Calabria, Tuscany and Lazio regions, for a total of over nine hundred 
thousand customers. 
 
Sale of heat through the district heating network 
Iren Mercato sells heat, supplied by Iren Energia, to customers connected to district heating in the municipalities of Turin 
and surrounding municipalities, Reggio Emilia, Parma, Piacenza and Genoa. 
 
Among the commercial proposals complementary to the sale of commodities, we highlight the business lines intended for 
the sale to retail customers of innovative products in the area of home automation, energy saving and maintenance of 
domestic systems, as well as “IrenGO zero emissions” for e-mobility, aimed at private customers, companies and public 
bodies with the aim of reducing the environmental impact of travel, also through the installation of charging infrastructures 
at the Group’s offices and the progressive introduction of electric vehicles. All IrenGO initiatives benefit from 100% green 
energy supply coming from the Group’s renewable source plants.

=== Page 43 ===
Iren Group I Directors’ report  
 
41 
 The remaining part of the change in the item is mainly linked to the deferred income components relating to contributions 
received for investments (also connected to PNRR funds for network efficiency and the circular economy) and to the 
reduction of the long-term portion of tax credits relating to the Superbonus 110 incentives. 
 
Provisions for risks and employee benefits amounted to 630.1 million euro, a decrease compared to the figure at the end of 
2023, when they stood at 814.9 million. The main changes refer, in addition to the reclassification of the “Provision for the 
restoration of third-party assets” described above, to the purchases of CO2 emission rights relating to the obligation of the 
previous financial year and to the allocation for securities still to be purchased for the current year.  
 
Net working capital stood at -11.8 million euro, against +68.4 million euro as at 31 December 2023. The decrease (-80.2 
million euro) is mainly attributable to the transfers of Superbonus tax credits, mitigated by the trend of the commercial 
components, as well as by the increase in the gas inventory. 
 
 
 
Equity amounted to 3,343.7 million euro, compared with 3,244.3 million at 31 December 2023 (+99.4 million euro). The 
change is due to the profit for the year (+303.6 million euro), the dividends paid (-178.7 million euro), the trend of the hedging 
reserve linked to derivative instruments for hedging interest rates and commodities (-45.7 million euro), the change in the 
consolidation scope and the consequent effect of the change in interest in companies already controlled (+16.0 million euro), 
payments by third parties to subsidiaries (+3.4 million euro) and other changes (+0.8 million euro). 
 
Net Financial Debt stood at 4,082.7 million euro at 31 December 2024 (+3.8% compared to 31 December 2023, when it stood 
at 3,933.8 million euro). For more details please see the analysis of the statement of cash flows presented below.

=== Page 63 ===
Iren Group I Directors’ report  
 
61 
 Risks and uncertainties 
 
 
The management of corporate risks is an essential component of the Internal Control System of the Corporate Governance 
of a listed company, and the Corporate Governance Code of Listed Companies assigns specific responsibilities on this 
aspect. The Enterprise Risk Management model applied by the Group includes the methodological approach to integrated 
identification, assessment and management of the Group risks. 
For each of the following risk types: 
 Financial Risks (liquidity, interest rate, currency); 
 Credit Risk; 
 Energy Risks, attributable to the procurement of gas for thermoelectric generation and to the sale of electricity, heat and 
gas, and to the hedging derivative markets; 
 Cyber Risks, linked to potential events related to the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or information 
after which negative impacts on the organization, people, operations or other organisations could derive; 
 Risks from Climate Change, which include risks due to the transition to a low carbon dioxide emission economy 
(transition risks) and risks of a physical nature (physical risks) that may result from catastrophic environmental events 
(acute risks) or from medium- to long-term changes in environmental patterns (chronic risks); 
 Tax Risks, associated with potential transactions carried out in violation of tax regulations or in contrast with the 
principles or purposes of the tax system; 
 Operational risks, associated with asset ownership, involvement in business activities, processes, procedures and 
information flows. 
Specific “policies” have been defined with the primary goal of fulfilling strategic guidelines, organisational‐ managerial 
principles, macro processes and techniques necessary for the active management of the related risks. 
 
The Group’s Enterprise Risk Management model also regulates the roles of the various parties involved in the risk 
management process, which is governed by the Board of Directors, and calls for specific Commissions to manage the 
financial, tax, IT, credit, energy and climate risks. 
The Cyber Risk Policy, the Climate Change Risk Policy and the Tax Control Model were adopted in 2020 following the approval 
of the Board of Directors of Iren S.p.A., while the other Policies have undergone some substantial revisions over time to adapt 
them to the current organisational models and to the evolution of risk factors. 
The approach followed is also consistent with the commitments expressed in the Sustainability Policy: it takes into account 
the risks and opportunities associated with sustainability issues that are material to Iren Group, assessing, for each risk 
category envisaged in the Group’s risk model, the environmental, social and governance (ESG) risk profiles, as also envisaged 
by EU Directive 2022/2464 - Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). 
As Iren Group pays particular attention also to maintaining trust and a positive image of the Group, the Enterprise Risk 
Management model manages also “reputational risks”, which relate to the impacts on stakeholders of any malpractices. 
Within the Group there is the Risk Management Department  which reports to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
Within the scope and within the limits of the powers granted by the Board of Directors of Iren S.p.A., the Chief Executive 
Officer, in liaison with the Chairperson and the Deputy Chairperson, is in charge of overseeing the functionality of the internal 
control system by (i) supporting the Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee in identifying the main corporate risks, taking 
into account the characteristics of the activities carried out by the Company and its subsidiaries, and in periodically 
submitting them to the Board of Directors for review; (ii) implementing the guidelines defined by the Board of Directors by 
ensuring that the competent corporate structures design, implement and manage the internal control and internal auditing 
system, constantly verifying its overall adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency, and adapting it to the dynamics of the 
operating conditions and the legislative and regulatory framework. 
The Risk Management Department deals with: 
 the integrated management of the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) System: methodological approach, 
definition of policies and monitoring of the System; 
 management of insurance policies. 
 
A periodic assessment process is in place with regard to adverse events in the various sectors and across all Group areas 
in order to describe in detail their causes and implement the most suitable methods for preventing and/or limiting the 
impacts of the events. 
The Risk Management Department also oversees the Group’s Business Continuity Management (BCM) model, the objective 
of which is to guarantee the resilience of the business in the face of unexpected events, ensuring the continuity of business 
processes deemed critical. The Group BCM includes the organisational and technological safeguards necessary to ensure 
continuity of processes, as well as a proactive and structured response to Emergency and/or Crisis events. 
 
Below is a breakdown of the management methods active within the group for the different types of risk.