=== Page 32 ===
JB Hi -Fi Limited  
Operating and Financial Review  
28 
 Inclusion and Engagement Strategy include : continued use of  behavioural competencies for all roles 
throughout the Group to identify high potential talent and equalise recruitment & selection practices; continued 
promotion of the “Speak Up” initiative to create an environment where team members can bring forward any concerns relating to inclusion, respect, and safety in the workplace; continued investment in its  Women in 
Leadership Program  with 129 participants completing the program in FY2025 ; updating the Group Workplace 
Behaviour Policy and annual refresher training to further ensure team members are aware of behavioural expectations, their obligations, and the process for escalating any concerns , and the establishment of  a 
Reconciliation Working Group which is responsible for identifying and pursuing opportunities across the Group where it can make a positive impact for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples .
 
• Strong governance, business ethics and compliance - the Group’s stakeholders expect the Group to act 
responsibly and ethically and to comply with all relevant laws and regulations. The Group acts with integrity 
and transparency in conducting its businesses and has established a Statement of Values and a Code of 
Conduct to help guide its behaviours, together with additional policies and procedures including a Whistle -
blower Policy, an Anti-Bribery, Corruption & Fraud Policy, and a Securities Trading Policy , which clearly outline 
the standards of behaviour required and which provide avenues to report wrongdoing.  Governance and 
oversight is also provided by the Group’s Board of Directors and Board Committees, including an Audit and 
Risk Management Committee.  
• Ethical sourcing and modern slavery  - the Group recognises the importance of sourcing responsibly and the 
potential social and environmental impacts that its purchasing decisions can have. The Group also recognises 
the risk of modern slavery and the potential for human rights abuses in its supply chain and is  committed to 
sourcing its products and services in an ethical and responsible manner and, in doing so, ensur ing that 
minimum standards concerning labour, health & safety, environmental management  and ethics are maintained 
across the supply chain. The Group has an Ethical Sourcing Policy outlining the minim um standards expected 
of its suppliers. Supporting this policy is a risk -based approach to supplier due diligence, which helps the 
Group assess compliance with the Policy.  This includes a combination of inherent risk assessments conducted 
by the Group, self -assessments completed by suppliers , and social compliance audits carried out by 
independent parties on selected supplier manufacturing facilities. Initiatives under taken in FY2025  include: the 
submission of the Group’s fifth  Modern Slavery Statement;  continued membership of, and utilisation of the 
resources of, the Responsible Business Alliance;  the Group seeking information from additional existing  
suppliers  in order to enable the Group to prioritise further engagement with those  that may be at a higher risk 
of modern slavery ; requesting that Suppliers implement corrective actions to remedy any audit issues 
identified;  and on -site visits to 5 factories in China and Malaysia which  supply  products for the Group, including 
engaging with management and worker s and observing third-party audits . 
• Sustainable Packaging/Operational  Waste and Recycling - Consumer demand for new technology, and 
replacement and upgrade of consumer electronics and home appliances can result in both product and 
packaging waste being generated.  The Group is committed to working closely with our supplier s and team 
members  to improve packaging sustainability and optimise recycling of operational waste.  The Group has 
operational processes and systems in place to facilitate the recycling of cardboard, paper, hard and soft 
plastics and polystyrene waste. Processes are also in place t o facilitate the salvage and re- use of unwanted 
technology from both the Group’s own operations and from product returns by customers. In FY202 5 the 
Group continued to improve its existing waste and recycling systems and processes including:  continuing to 
improve the sustainability of packaging used by our store network  with significant progress towards meeting 
the 2025 A ustralian Packaging Covenant Organisation (APCO) National Packaging Targets for packaging over 
which the Group has operational control ; expansion of the range of private label products which include 
recycled plastics within the product itself ; ongoing use of our  sustainability questionnaire to ascertain suppliers’ 
commitments to achieving APCO’s 2025 sustainable packaging targets and  engaging with and  influencing 
these suppliers to align with the Group’s  packaging targets; engaging with trade suppliers regarding their 
transition plans  for the phase- out of expanded polystyrene packaging;  collection of  customer battery and e-
waste recycling at drop-off points in JB Hi -Fi Australia and The Good Guys stores ; further expansion of the 
Group’s trade-in offers ensuring that more products are given a second life following refurbishment ; and 
launching the sale of refurbished phones, tablets, and computers for sale through JB Hi -Fi’s online 
marketplace . 
• Energy consumption and emissions  reduction/ climate -related risks  - the Group aims to ensure that its 
business is climate resilient, and pro- actively responds to the climate -related risks and opportunities that are 
most material to the Group.  The majority of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions resulting from the Group’s 
business operations come from the electricity used to power its store and warehouse network. In addition, the 
Group consumes natural gas for heating , and fuel for company -owned cars. In FY2021 t he Group set a 
strategic goal to achieve net -zero direct (scope 1 and 2) carbon emissions by 2030. The Group has developed For personal use only

=== Page 33 ===
JB Hi -Fi Limited  
Operating and Financial Review  
29 
 a roadmap of emission reduction initiatives to assist the Group in meeting this target  including the use of  
renewable electricity,  investing in solar power generation, pursuing energy efficiency upgrades , and reducing 
energy consumption where possible. T he Group’s activities in F Y202 5 included : completing the installation of 
solar power generators at an additional 6 stores , bringing the total number of stores with solar power to 3 6; 
partnering with the NSW Government to assist eligible residents to  purchas e heavily subsidised, energy and 
water -efficient washing machines for significantly below the usual retail price; continuing to develop and refine 
the Group’s  scope 3 emissions  calculations in preparation for mandatory reporting in the future;  and further 
engaging with suppliers on emissions reduction.  The Group conducts an annual review of its key risks and 
opportunities relating to climate change  and applies climate scenario analysis to evaluate how the most 
material physical and transition risks could impact the Group under different climate scenarios. E ach 
risk/opportunity is assigned to a member of the senior management team to manage on an on-going basis, 
with progress reported to the Audit and  Risk Management Committee twice a year. These key risks and 
opportunities are set out in the 2025  Sustain ability Report.  
• Data security and Privacy  - the Group recognises the need to take appropriate action to secure its information 
systems in order to reduce the risk of customer, employee or company information being stolen by cyber 
criminals or otherwise accessed by unauthorised persons. The Group’s T echnology Director is responsible for 
co-ordinating the security of these information systems and has a dedicated cyber security function which 
monitors the environment, responds to events, assesses risk, and implements new capabilitie s. In addition, 
relevant team members receive regular privacy, cyber security and PCI -DSS training.  In order that the Group 
can conduct its business,  a number of third parties used by the Group hold personal information of the Group’s 
customers and employee s. The Group works with these third parties to ensure that such information is held 
securely and is only held to the extent absolutely necessary.  
• Product design, quality and safety  - the Group expects its suppliers to ensure that the products that it sells are 
safe and seeks commitment s in its contracts with suppliers that all products, packaging and documentation 
supplied to the Group will comply with all relevant laws and standards. The majority of the products sold by the 
Group are manufactured by large, global brands who are well practised in ensuring compliance with relevant 
legislation. The Group’s private label products  are manufactured by a small number of third party suppliers 
who work with the Group’s buying teams to ensure product design, quality and relevant safety requirements are complied with .   For personal use only

=== Page 43 ===
JB Hi -Fi Limited  
Remuneration Report  
 
39 
 MEASURE  OUTCOME  GROUP 
CEO  GROUP 
COO MD  
JB HI -FI MD 
TGG  GROUP  
CFO  
appointment of D. Giansalvo.   
Sustainability 
Initiatives  Driving and supporting Group Sustainability initiatives including;  
• implementation of initiatives to achieve “net zero” target (Scope 1 
and 2) by 2030, including significant 
increase in sourcing of green energy ; 
• roll-out of  updated ethical sourcing  
/modern slavery  policy ;  
• completed roll -out of e- waste 
recycling bins to all JB Hi- Fi Australia 
and The Good Guys stores;  
• implementation of waste 
management initiatives  (including 
setting long- term targets for waste 
diversion from stores)  and ongoing 
roll-out of the Group’s sustainable 
packaging strategy for private label products; and  
• driving workplace giving program membership and initiatives.  Above  
Target  Above  
Target  Above  
Target  At Target  Above 
Target  
Brand 
Employee 
Engagement  Continued focus on protecting and 
strengthening the Group’s culture and 
attracting and retaining team members 
including good participation and improved 
results in engagement surveys . n/a n/a Above  
Target  At 
Maximum  n/a 
Strategic outcome  87% 86% 91% 93% 83% 
FINAL OUTCOME (% of maximum)  90% 90% 93% 89% 89% 
 
  For personal use only