=== Page 33 ===
Sustainability
At Judo, sustainability means providing greater financial inclusion 
to underserved Australian SMEs and building a more resilient and 
sustainable bank for the long term. In FY25, a year of consolidation 
and preparation, Judo continued to undertake the groundwork 
necessary to meet the Federal Government’s mandatory  
climate‑related financial disclosure requirements.
Sustainability  
of our customersWe believe in supporting our customers, including providing the support to be 
more sustainable, both now and into the future. It forms a key component in 
our CVP and is also reflected in our hardship and vulnerable customer policies.
Every SME is different. Our relationship‑led banking model helps to deliver 
outcomes for customers in a way that makes sense for their business.  
We continue to work to better understand the risks and impacts of climate 
change for our customers. 
Inclusion, equity 
and diversityAs a multi‑award‑winning employer, we actively seek to create an enterprise 
with a diversity of people, experience and thought. Our employee value 
proposition sets us apart. We intentionally recruit talented, passionate people 
who are aligned to our customer‑centric purpose. We lend differently, so we 
hire people who think differently.
Climate risks It is necessary to take a strategic risk‑based approach to managing  
the various climate change‑related risks for us and for our customers.
During the year, we have continued working to understand our climate 
change‑related risks through the measurement and identification of emissions 
sources, and continued preparing for mandatory, internationally ‑aligned 
climate‑related reporting in FY26.
As an ADI with cloud‑based technology and no physical bank branches,  
our climate change‑related risks are predominantly present in our customer 
portfolio. One of our priorities for our Sustainability Strategy is to collect data 
relating to the climate‑related risks impacting our SME customers, which will 
then inform a deeper understanding of our portfolio‑level climate‑related risks.
Financial  
inclusionWe believe that all Australian SMEs deserve to have access to financial 
products and services to help grow their businesses. We continue to provide 
more financial inclusion to this underserved sector of the Australian economy 
through our unique relationship‑led banking model.
Corporate 
governanceWe believe that strong corporate governance provides the foundation  
for a high‑performing organisation and that good governance practices  
will preserve and strengthen stakeholder confidence and long‑term value.
Our beliefs are underpinned by our Judo Values of Accountability, Performance, Teamwork and Trust.
Annual Report 2025 
30For personal use only

=== Page 35 ===
Risk management
Risks associated with ESG across our customers and our portfolio are embedded in Judo’s RMF. For details on how these risks 
are incorporated into Judo’s RMF, and the management of sustainability risks, refer to Material risks in this Report, at page 23.Sustainability continued
Material topics
Judo’s ESG Working Group refreshed 
Judo’s material ESG topics for FY25 
based on an annual desktop review. 
The desktop assessment included  
a review of key internal and external 
documents, including finalised 
Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standards, frameworks, regulatory 
guidance and Judo’s RMF. The outcome 
of this annual review was reported to 
the ExCo and BAC in May 2025. Our 
refreshed material topics continue  
to focus on how we can protect and 
create value for all our stakeholders 
across the short, medium and long 
term, and will inform our strategic 
initiatives for future financial years. During FY25, we:
Sustainability strategyFurther embedded our Red, Amber and Green ‘traffic light’ approach to credit origination 
regarding positive, negative and/or complex ESG‑related risk factors (ESG Credit Risk Guidance).
Continued to implement the ESG Credit Risk Guidance proactively when making  
credit assessments.
Judo’s top three material ESG topics for FY25 are:
Customers Aligned to our purpose, supporting SME customers to experience 
greater financial inclusion and the development and economic viability 
of our unique customer base, both now and into the future. We consider 
this material topic has clear social and governance dimensions.
Cyber/data 
securitySecuring our customer, employee and supplier data, including 
protecting personal and financial information against cyber threats, 
as well as harnessing new technologies to continuously improve  
our business processes and customer experience. We consider this  
a key ‘organisational readiness’ topic – cyber and data security have 
clear environmental (e.g. cyberattacks on infrastructure), social (e.g. 
customer and supplier safety) and governance (e.g. integrity of data 
for reporting purposes) dimensions.
Employees Increasing focus on our people and their retention, engagement, 
recruitment, diversity, culture, pay equity and wellbeing, as we 
believe that a supported, empowered, engaged team will deliver 
better customer outcomes. We consider that this material topic 
relates to the ‘people’ pillar and has clear environmental (e.g. getting 
our people’s emissions down), social (e.g. employee retention) and 
governance dimensions.
Annual Report 2025 
32For personal use only

=== Page 37 ===
Sustainability continued
Emissions Metrics1
Being a digitally enabled bank without physical bank branches, Judo has a relatively low‑carbon operational footprint  
for an ADI. 
tCO2e FY25 FY24
Scope 1 0 0
Scope 2
Electricity (market‑based) 228 203
Scope 3
Purchased goods and services* 7,043 10,101
Business travel** 1,052 1,221
Other*** 22 21
Electricity (market‑based) 31 24
Total Scope 3 8,148 11,367
Total operational carbon footprint (market-based) 8,376 11,570
*  Includes capital goods.
**  Includes employee commuting and work from home. 
***  Includes waste generated in operations and upstream transportation and distribution.
In line with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, our electricity emissions have been calculated on market‑based and  
location‑based criteria:
tCO2e FY25 FY24
Market-based
Scope 2 228 203
Scope 3 31 24
Total electricity (market-based) 259 227
Location-based
Scope 2 242 236
Scope 3 27 27
Total electricity (location-based) 269 263
1. Metrics were calculated based on the GHG Accounting Principles under the global GHG Protocol and were determined using an operational 
control approach. In each case, no direct emissions (Scope 1) were identified for Judo. A relevance test was undertaken to identify all  
other relevant indirect emissions (Scope 2 and Scope 3). Consistent with prior years, Judo’s Scope 3 financed emissions are not included  
in the above.
Annual Report 2025 
34For personal use only

=== Page 38 ===
Overall Judo’s emissions decreased by 3,194 tCO2e from FY24 to FY25. Movements in Judo’s emissions across FY24 to FY25 are 
primarily due to the following.
•  3,058 tCO2e decrease in Purchased Goods and Services:
FY25 Emissions Factor Update – As discussed in detail below, emissions from this category are calculated based on primary 
data sources, where available. Where unavailable, the spend‑based method is utilised. Spend‑based emissions factors are 
updated annually to reflect the latest available economic and emissions data. A significant portion of the decrease in 
emissions in this category in FY25 is due to the update of spend‑based emissions factors, which is now based on the most 
recently available economic data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
Decreased expenditure in capital goods: Several large IT projects, including investment in uplifting Judo’s digital banking 
platform, were ongoing during FY24. These projects were largely completed during FY24 and early FY25, therefore reducing 
Judo’s supplier expenditure and emissions from purchased goods and services in FY25.
• 169 tCO2e decrease in Business Travel: Primarily due to a decrease in air travel and hotel stays across the business. 
• 32 tCO2e increase in Electricity (market -based) and 1 tCO2e increase in Other: Due to new locations and increased FTE  
over the year.
Calculation of emissions from purchased goods and services is based on primary and secondary data sources. Where primary 
data was not available, the spend‑based method was used to estimate emissions. Using this method, spending on goods  
and services is multiplied by supplier‑specific emissions intensity (preferred approach) or industry average emissions factors. 
For the FY24 and FY25 GHG emissions presented in this Report, Judo has made several improvements to the calculations due  
to better data availability. Data improvements include:
•  Judo utilised a more granular emissions factor database to calculate purchased goods and services emissions. This increased 
the accuracy of GHG emissions calculations. 
•  Emissions related to business travel (i.e. travel to customers) undertaken by customer ‑facing employees in their personal 
vehicles have been included in the calculation of Scope 3 business travel emissions.
•  Emissions related to water usage in Judo’s offices have been included in Scope 3 ‘Other’ emissions.
•  The calculation of electricity (location‑based) emissions has been updated. An error was identified in the FY23 calculation 
and the corrected total tCO2e for FY23 electricity (location‑based) emissions was 225 tCO2e (Scope 2: 203, Scope 3: 22).
As a result of the above improvements, FY23 emissions, which were calculated based on the data available at the time,  
are no longer directly comparable.
The accuracy of reported emissions is expected to continue to improve in future periods as more supplier‑specific information 
becomes available to Judo. Where there is a material change in Judo’s methodology or the granularity of available data, Judo 
will report these changes. 
Annual Report 2025
35For personal use only

=== Page 39 ===
Emissions Reduction Plan
Judo recognises that the primary 
means of effecting GHG reductions is 
through our SME customers. While we 
work towards reporting our financed 
emissions in line with Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards 
from FY27, we are also committed  
to reducing our operational and  
value chain emissions.
Judo’s Emissions Reduction Plan is 
currently under review with the aim  
of developing an uplifted plan in line 
with Judo’s growth strategy and  
desire to achieve emissions reduction 
through a combination of supplier 
selection, engagement and internal 
policy updates. 
We are committed to emissions 
reduction in line with internationally 
accepted climate science, and also committed to reducing emissions to 
support the ongoing decarbonisation 
of the communities in which we 
operate. Judo maintains a record  
of its actual emissions for FY22 to FY25 
and will continually review historical 
emissions data gathered to identify 
opportunities to decrease our emissions.
Industry exposure
As a unique pure‑play specialist SME 
business lender, we are less exposed  
to heavy emissions industries than 
other commercial banks. Despite this, 
we are committed to understanding 
the climate risks and opportunities  
in our loan portfolio. Our exposures  
to industries considered higher climate 
risk are shown below.
Our GLA as at 30 June 2025 was $12.5bn.Preparation for mandatory 
climate reporting 
The Federal Government has 
introduced mandatory climate‑related 
disclosure laws for large businesses 
(including financial institutions). Judo 
will be required to report under the 
new regime for the financial year 
ending 30 June 2026.
In preparation for the new 
requirements, we are undertaking 
actions including:
•  information gathering to enable Judo 
to meet the disclosure requirements;
•  reviewing our existing governance; 
• arrangements to determine 
responsibility and accountability for 
the new disclosure requirements; and
•  reviewing and uplifting our ESG 
Policy, Sustainability Strategy and 
Emissions Reduction Plan.Sustainability continued
As at 30 June 2025, Judo had no direct lendin/g.ss02 to:
 Extractive minin/g.ss02, includin/g.ss02 coal 
 minin/g.ss02, oil and /g.ss02as extraction 
 and metal ore minin/g.ss021.
 Fossil fuel electricity /g.ss02eneration,
 transmission, distribution or retail2.
 Manufacturin/g.ss02 or distribution of weapons
 includin/g.ss02 chemical, biolo/g.ss02ical or nuclear
 weapons, or components, landmines 
 and cluster munitions3.As at 30 June 2025, Judo's total exposure to:
 Other electricity /g.ss02eneration4 was 
 0.03% of total outstandin/g.ss02 loans. 
 Oil and /g.ss02as supply and distribution5 
 was  0.01%  of our total outstandin/g.ss02 loans.
 Judo be/g.ss02an lendin/g.ss02 to the a/g.ss02ribusiness
 sector in FY22. A small percenta/g.ss02e of
 Judo's overall loan book relates to fundin/g.ss02
 for sheep and cattle businesses.
1. Refers to ANZSIC Industry Subcodes 6‑8 (600‑809 inclusive).
2. Refers to ANZSIC codes 2611, 2620, 2630 and 2640.
3. Firearms (broadly, portable guns) are not included within the definition of weapons for the purpose of disclosure. Firearms manufacture, 
wholesale and retail are considered under Judo’s ESG Credit Risk Guidance. No ANZSIC codes directly refer to weapons manufacture, 
wholesale or retail. The disclosure is based on a review of credit portfolio and compliance with our ESG Credit Risk Guidance.
4. Refers to ANZSIC code 2619.
5. Refers to ANZSIC code 2700.
Annual Report 2025 
36For personal use only