=== Page 3 ===
CONTENTS
Message from the Committee Chair  2
FY25 Highlights  3
About this Report  4
Scope of this Report  4
Our Operations  4
Reporting Guidelines  4
Managing Sustainability  4
Our Approach to Sustainability  4
Sustainability Governance  4
Materiality and Stakeholders  5
Being a Responsible Employer and Operator  6
Ensuring the Health and Safety of our Employees, Passengers and Communities  7
Managing our Environmental Impact  8
Promoting a Diverse and Inclusive Culture  9
Enabling Smarter and Cleaner Transport  10
Providing Low and Zero Emission Transport Solutions   11
Supporting our Communities and Partners   13
Driving Positive Change in the Communities Where we Operate   14
Governance  15
Political Donations  16
Cyber Security  16
Tax and Transparency  16
Performance Table  17
GRI Content Index - General Standard Disclosures  19
GRI Content Index - Specific Standard Disclosures  20
Glossary  21

=== Page 4 ===
2
It is my pleasure to present Kelsian’s FY25 
Sustainability Report, an important reflection of 
the progress we continue to make across our 
environmental, social, and governance priorities, 
and a reaffirmation of the responsibility we hold as a leading multi-modal transport provider.
This year, we refined our approach to sustainability. Central to this is 
a continued focus on the safety of our people, passengers and the communities we serve. We took deliberate steps to restructure our sustainability pillars and elevate safety as our top priority. In doing so, we reaffirmed our commitment to creating a safe, healthy, and inclusive workplace for our people, recognising that operational excellence starts with our workforce.
In FY25 our T otal Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) improved 
by 12% compared to FY24, a significant achievement, while our Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) increased 6% compared to FY24. We acknowledge that we did not meet our target of a 10% year-on-year safety improvement across both metrics. Our performance continues to reflect the typical profile of a service-based organisation, operating across a large and dispersed network of public roads and waterways. Accordingly, we are reinforcing our injury prevention culture from the top of the organisation downwards. We continue to implement Donesafe across the Group, a safety system designed to improve tracking and reporting across the workforce and ultimately deliver improved safety performance through maturity of processes and consistency in work practices. 
Kelsian is one of Australia’s largest operators of public transport. We 
remain steadfast in our role as an enabler of lower emission transport solutions. As at June 2024, the transport sector comprises 21% of Australia’s greenhouse gas emissions and is projected to become the largest source of emissions by 2030
1. Kelsian continues to collaborate 
with governments and other external stakeholders to support mode shift from higher emissions sources to lower emissions sources through public transport. This is one of the most effective ways to reduce transport sector emissions. 
In addition to supporting mode shift and increased use of public 
transport, Kelsian is at the forefront of using zero emission vehicle technology. We own and operate one of the largest electric bus fleets in Australia, and we remain a trusted partner to governments in their decarbonisation journeys. 
Our partnerships with community organisations in the areas where 
we operate demonstrate our commitment to driving positive change. We’ve provided two case studies outlining our partnerships with the Clontarf Foundation and Royal Flying Doctor Service as examples of how we’re collaborating to create a significant and lasting impact.
We extend our sincere thanks to our employees, customers and 
partners for their ongoing support. Sustainability is a shared endeavour, and it is only through collaboration and collective effort that we will continue to deliver safe, sustainable, and inclusive transport services into the future.MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIR OF THE SAFETY, 
RISK AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE 
DIANE GRADY AO  
Chair - Safety, Risk and Sustainability Committee  
29 September 2025
1   Climateworks Centr e, June 2024.Being a Responsible 
Employer and Operator
Enabling Smarter and 
Cleaner Transport
Supporting our  
Communities and Partners

=== Page 5 ===
Kelsian Group 2024/2025 Sustainability Report        3
Group TRIFR –  
12% improvement383m  
passengers carried
204  
Zero Emissions BusesZero  
significant spills
Nationwide 3-year 
partnership with  
Clontarf Foundation57%  
female Board 
representationFY25 HIGHLIGHTS2
  Sun Diego Charters, USA
Kelsian Group 2024/2025 Sustainability Report        32   At 30 June 2025.24
TramsVessels124
5,870+
Buses123
Depots / Ports12,800+
Employees

=== Page 6 ===
4
Scope of this Report
This report outlines Kelsian Group Limited’s (‘Kelsian’ or ‘Group’) 
sustainability performance and covers assets owned and operated  
by Kelsian for the period from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025.
• People-related data included in this report refers to all direct employees working within Kelsian’s operations. 
• Health, Safety, Environment and Quality (‘HSEQ’) information is reported for operations within its control.
• All monetary amounts reported are in Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated. 
• Non-operated activities are excluded from the scope of this  
report unless specifically stated. 
Our Operations
Kelsian is Australia’s largest integrated multi-modal transport provider and tourism operator, dedicated to delivering essential journeys through safe and intelligent transport solutions that enhance the sustainability and liveability of the communities we serve.
Headquartered in Adelaide since 1989, Kelsian has consistently 
demonstrated agility in uncertain times and is uniquely positioned for future growth. Our Group is comprised of:
Transit Systems: Operating domestic public transport contracts and 
charter services across six Australian states and territories.
All Aboard America! Holdings (‘AAAHI’): The second largest 
motocoach operator in the USA, providing services in seven states in 
southwestern United States.
SeaLink Marine & Tourism:  Operating ferry services and connecting 
travellers with some of Australia’s most iconic holiday destinations  
and experiences.Tower Transit:  Operating international public transport contracts in 
Singapore, the Channel Islands, and the United Kingdom.
Kelsian Group moved over 383 million customers during FY25 and as 
at 30 June 2025, directly employed over 12,800 people, and operated 
more than 5,870 buses, 124 vessels, and 24 light rail vehicles.
We take pride in our exceptional team, who are dedicated to delivering 
safe and reliable experiences to our customers every time.ABOUT THIS REPORT
Our Approach to Sustainability
We are committed to maintaining a sustainable and resilient business by embedding environment, social and governance (ESG) principles into our operations. Doing so helps us manage risks, create long-term value, and respond to the evolving expectations of our stakeholders. Integrating ESG into day-to-day decision-making supports better outcomes for our people, customers, communities and shareholders. Our approach is structured around three core focus areas that guide how we deliver impact and measure success.
Being a Responsible Employer and Operator
The health and safety of our people, passengers and the communities we serve remain our highest priority. In FY25, we strengthened our commitment to safety by elevating this pillar within our sustainability framework, recognising that the health and safety of our workforce underpins every aspect of our operations. We are working to embed  
a proactive, prevention-focused safety culture that is driven from  
the top and shared across all levels of the organisation. Alongside  
this, we continue to uphold strong environmental and social responsibility practices, and foster a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our governance structure ensures clear oversight and accountability for our sustainability strategy, helping us manage ESG risks and embed these considerations into core business decision-making.
Enabling Smarter and Cleaner Transport
We deliver low and zero-emission smart transport solutions that align with the decarbonisation goals of our customers, including state governments and transport authorities. By working closely with our stakeholders, we aim to make public transport more accessible, reliable, and appealing, encouraging a mode shift away from private vehicle use. Through these partnerships, we strive to create lasting positive impacts in the communities where we operate, supporting cleaner, more connected, and liveable cities.
Supporting our Communities and Partners
We partner with organisations that are aligned with our values to make a lasting impact in the communities where we operate. Kelsian also contributes to a range of local events in the communities where we operate, helping to bring people together and create positive change. We believe this investment helps to ensure the long-term success of our business.
Sustainability Governance
Our corporate governance framework is a foundational element that contributes to the preservation and creation of shareholder value, and sustainable longer term company success. The Kelsian Board maintains and enhances its corporate governance framework and reviews its framework and practices regularly, to ensure it consistently reflects market practices and stakeholder expectations. 
Risk management is a core component of our corporate governance 
framework, and we have implemented structures, frameworks and processes that align to requirements of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations– Principle 7 (‘ ASX Corporate Governance Principles’). Further information on how we manage our risks is available in our Annual Report and Corporate Governance Statement which are available on our website. 
Kelsian is progressively aligning its climate-related disclosures with the 
IFRS S2 standard, reflecting our commitment to transparent reporting for investors and stakeholders. During FY25, we continued to build internal capability to ensure we are well positioned to meet future regulatory reporting in relation to climate disclosure requirements.MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY
Reporting Guidelines 
This report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards. Refer to the GRI content index on page 19 of 
this report.   Liberty Bus, UK

=== Page 7 ===
Kelsian Group 2024/2025 Sustainability Report        5
Our Sustainability Focus AreasT o oversee the delivery of our sustainability goals and aspirations, 
accountability has been collectively assigned to the Group Executive T eam with oversight provided by the Kelsian Board and the Board Safety, Risk and Sustainability Committee which oversees the implementation of our sustainability and governance policies,  
practices and the effective management of our risks.  
Materiality and Stakeholders
Kelsian’s sustainability priorities are shaped by a materiality assessment process that identifies the issues most important to our business and stakeholders. While the material topics remained unchanged in FY25, the outcomes of the assessment continue to guide our sustainability strategy and inform the three core focus areas and supporting goals that deliver the greatest benefit and impact.We recognise that our stakeholders both influence and are affected by our operations. Maintaining regular, meaningful engagement is essential, and we tailor our communication approaches to reflect the diverse needs and expectations of each stakeholder group.
Kelsian Board
Board Committees
Group Executive Team
Sustainability goals are embedded within our  
operating businesses with oversight provided by the 
Group Executive Team and Board Committees.How We Engage With Our Stakeholders
Investors  
Company website, ASX announcements, Half  
Year & Full Year financial accounts, investor presentations, AGM, roadshows, regular meetings, email alert service and periodic reporting.
Clients/Governments  
Operational reports, client meetings, tenders  
and proposal submissions.
Local and Indigenous Communities  
Regular meetings, participation in community programs, sponsorships, and supporting Aboriginal community products.
Suppliers  
Regular meetings, supplier forums, tender  
contract documents, emails, conferences and industry forums.
Media  
Announcements, media releases, corporate website, social media channels, media monitoring software, key industry journalists, industry events, industry partnerships and sponsorships.
Employees  
Surveys, performance reviews, emails, training, intranet, regular meetings, frontline employee communication applications, virtual townhalls and newsletters (M&T only), engagement with unions, social functions, and leadership site visits.
Customers  
Community events, on-mode signage, timetables, disruption notices, website/s, social media, electronic direct mail (EDM), customer apps, community newspapers, community group meetings, surveys, telephone, and emails.
Regulators  
Meetings, feedback and information sharing through enquiries and other reporting obligations.
Joint Venture Partners  
Regular meetings, communication,  
and information sharing.Being a Responsible 
Employer and Operator
• Ensuring the health and safety of our  
employees, passengers and communities
• Managing our environmental impact
• Promoting a diverse and inclusive culture
Enabling Smarter and 
Cleaner Transport
• Providing low/zero emissions  
and smart transport solutions
• Driving positive change in the  
communities where we operateSupporting our  
Communities and Partners
  SeaLink, Magnetic Island