=== Page 7 ===
The Group’s operating revenues decreased by  
9.7% to $744.8 million in FY2025. The underlying 
profit before tax was $38.3 million, a decrease of 
9.0% on the prior corresponding period. Statutory 
profit before tax for FY2025 was $42.4 million, 
an increase of $1.1 million or 2.6% on the prior 
corresponding period.
The Group is experiencing cost base pressure from 
some key suppliers and inputs. While the Group 
endeavours to recoup increased costs from its 
customer base, cost base increases may not be 
wholly recovered, compressing margins in some 
operations. 
The underlying result was underpinned by our  
strong ongoing continuous improvement initiatives.
SAFETY
The Group continues to invest in our safety 
management system and on-road compliance and 
the training of our employees. We recognise that 
our social licence to operate is contingent upon 
achieving industry-leading on-road behaviours and 
safety outcomes.
In FY2024, the Group undertook its second 
People at Work employee survey to assess key 
psychosocial hazards and factors that may have 
potential impacts upon employee mental health 
and wellbeing, job burnout, productivity, increased 
sickness-related absence and physical disorders. The 
Group is committed to addressing any psychosocial 
hazards and factors within the workplace and has 
commenced rolling out a number of initiatives. 
Identifying and addressing any psychosocial hazards 
will remain a key focus in FY2026.
In December 2024, Comcare (the Group’s safety 
regulator under the Work Health and Safety Act 
2011 (Cth) (“WHS Act”) commenced a prosecution 
against K&S out of the Magistrates’ Court of South 
Australia in relation to an incident at the Group’s  
Mt Gambier transport terminal. K&S has been charged  
with one count of breaching the general duty to 
ensure the safety of a worker, so far as reasonably 
practicable, under the WHS Act. The charge carries  
a maximum penalty of $1.5 million if K&S is convicted. 
K&S is yet to enter a plea to the charge.ENVIRONMENT
The Group continues to proactively demonstrate 
its commitment towards improving environmental 
performance and the transition to a Euro 6 compliant 
fleet. As of FY2025, over 96% of the operating fleet 
is either Euro 5 or Euro 6 compliant.
In the past decade, the group has invested 
approximately $421 million on fleet upgrades, 
underpinning its emissions improvements. This 
positions the Group at the forefront of the industry 
in Australia. During the year, vehicle emissions 
reductions reached 81% of 2003 levels for NOx 
(FY2024: 84%), and 95% of 2003 levels for 
particulate matter (FY2024: 96%).
Carbon dioxide generation for FY2024 was  
94,262 tonnes, down from 105,408 tonnes in FY2023.
The Group continues to proactively engage with 
major heavy vehicle manufacturers in relation to 
alternate technology platforms that support zero 
emissions vehicles. MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT
K&S Corporation Limited Annual Report 2025   5

=== Page 8 ===
It is the Group’s assessment that there are currently 
a number of barriers to the short-term deployment 
of a zero emissions fleet solution within the Group’s 
operations, primarily encompassing a lack of suitable 
supporting infrastructure (coupled with a lack of a 
supportive governmental regulatory environment 
to drive investment in that infrastructure), high 
upfront asset costs, reduced payload, and end-of-
life management obligations associated with electric 
vehicles. 
While heavy vehicle manufacturers have deployed 
some zero emissions light vehicles, there are not 
currently any zero emissions heavy vehicle solutions 
suitable for longhaul applications commercially 
available in Australia. In the meantime, major heavy 
vehicle manufacturers continue to invest heavily in 
conventional diesel-powered vehicles that will meet 
the higher Euro 7 standards, which are currently 
scheduled to come into force in Europe in July 2027. 
The Group will continue to monitor the feasibility 
of the deployment of zero emissions vehicles. 
The comparatively short whole-of-life investment 
cycle in fleet employed by the Group provides the 
opportunity to adopt lower and zero emissions 
technology as it becomes technically and 
commercially viable to do so.
COMPLIANCE
The Group has maintained ISO 9001:2015 accreditation  
standards, including other relevant accreditations as 
well as: WA Main Roads, NHVAS Mass, Maintenance, 
and Basic Fatigue Management, along with Food 
Safety/HACCP and TruckSafe.
AUSTRALIAN TRANSPORT
The Australian transport segment performed  
soundly in FY2025, albeit revenue and underlying 
profit after tax were both below the prior 
comparative period. The reduction in full year 
revenue for the Australian transport was partly  
as a result of exiting several customer contracts  
and also due to lower customer volumes.
The operations maintained strong cost and service 
focused disciplines and continued to progress 
detailed end-to-end reviews of the operational 
parameters for a number of core activities and 
functions that assisted to maintain margins in line 
with FY2024.
Intermodal steel volumes reduced in FY2025 and 
are expected to remain under pressure in FY2026. 
Timber volumes also reduced in FY2025.The rail division once again experienced disruptions 
as a result of regional flooding and bushfires. Rail-
related revenue softened in FY2025 and the rail 
division also experienced margin compression in  
a highly competitive market. 
During the course of the year, the Group renewed 
its core rail linehaul agreement with Pacific National. 
Our focus remains on securing accretive parcels of 
rail volume that improve our rail network balance 
and performance.
Whilst the FY2025 revenue for our contract logistics 
operation reduced as a consequence of exiting an 
underperforming contract in the first half of the year, 
it realised a solid result. 
The chemical transportation operation also 
performed well in FY2025. Our energy transport 
operation remained sound but was impacted by 
weather disruptions and other operational issues  
that adversely impacted the trading performance, 
with a resultant outcome lower than the prior year.
Despite a strong forward order book, the Western 
Australia based heavy haulage operation was 
impacted by a number of restrictions external to its 
direct control, including stevedoring issues at the 
wharf and build crew labour shortages affecting key 
customers. As result, this operation’s revenue and 
the trading result were both down on the prior year.
The financial performance of our specialised aviation 
refuelling operation was down on the prior year as 
a result of increased key input costs and low fire 
season activity. The focus on cost reductions and 
efficiencies has continued.
FUEL AGENCY
The fuel trading business has provided strong 
financial results, albeit revenue and profit are down 
on FY2024. 
The fuel retailing and wholesaling markets remain 
dynamic and continue to exhibit high levels of 
competition. We are currently undertaking several 
projects to expand both our retail and wholesale 
offering, including the redevelopment of several 
company-owned sites and the purchase of new sites.
NEW ZEALAND TRANSPORT
On stable revenue, the New Zealand business 
recorded another sound result in FY2025. 
The New Zealand business continues to target the 
provision of integrated and value adding services 
and we continue to review initiatives to further align 
with key customer logistics functions. MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)
6   K&S Corporation Limited Annual Report 2025

=== Page 10 ===
We recognise that in order to create long-term value for our shareholders 
and customers, we must achieve and maintain sustainable outcomes for our 
business, including in the following areas:ENVIRONMENTAL,  
SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
CLIMATE CHANGEHEALTH, SAFETY, 
SECURITY AND 
ENVIRONMENTPEOPLE
Motor vehicle emissions represent 
a significant environmental cost. 
We are committed to reducing 
emissions and waste; however, we 
are mindful of not making broad 
statements on net-zero targets 
until there is greater clarity on 
when this may become technically 
and commercially feasible. We 
monitor industry developments 
on an ongoing basis.On-road behaviours of the 
highest standard, keeping people 
safe and caring for their health 
and mental wellbeing.Attracting and retaining a 
capable, diverse and highly 
engaged workforce who  
support the Group’s values  
and behaviours.
8   K&S Corporation Limited Annual Report 2025

=== Page 11 ===
HIGHLIGHTS
16%
Female representation 
in our senior leadership  
(24% in FY2024)
81%
Vehicle emissions 
reduction from 2003 
levels for NOx
4.2
Lost time injuries 
frequency rate (LTIFR)  
(3.8 in FY2024)
96%
of prime movers are  
either Euro V or  
Euro VI compliant   
(as at 30 June 2025)
$421 M
spent over the past 
decade in fleet 
upgradesK&S EFFICIENCY 
INITIATIVES
Fuel-efficient fleet
 »96% of the total Australian truck fleet  
is either Euro V or Euro VI compliant, 
and 55% of the total Australian truck 
fleet is Euro VI compliant.
 »The majority of remaining trucks to be 
replaced within 12–36 months.
Maximising payload; minimising 
emissions
 »Carrying goods in larger combinations 
whenever possible.
 »Accredited as a heavy vehicle operator 
with the National Heavy Vehicle 
Accreditation Scheme (NHVAS).
Maximising rail and sea transport
 »Intermodal terminals across the nation 
to help customers seamlessly integrate 
rail and sea transport.
Responsible, fuel-efficient driving
 »Ongoing driver education on  
fuel-efficient driving practices.
 »Driver behaviours monitored with  
in-vehicle telematics; ongoing feedback 
is provided.
Embedded workshops reducing 
emissions
 »13 of our workshops are embedded 
within transport depots.
Accelerating recycling efforts
 »Our workshops recycle 100% of used 
truck batteries, air filters, engine oils  
and coolers.
 »100% of our used truck tyres are 
recycled.
 »1,697 tonnes of non-hazardous  
waste from our operational sites  
were recycled in FY2025.
Decreasing electricity 
consumption
 »Solar panel installations at major 
company-owned sites.
 »LED lighting upgrades completed  
at all major company-owned sites.
K&S Corporation Limited Annual Report 2025   9

=== Page 20 ===
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
(CONTINUED)
Dividend
The Directors have declared a fully franked final 
dividend of 8.0 cents per share (2024: 8.0 cents  
per share). This follows the fully franked interim 
dividend of 8.0 cents per share paid in April 2025, 
making the total fully franked dividend 16.0 cents 
per share in respect of the year ended 30 June 2025 
(2024: 18.0 cents per share).
The final dividend will be paid on 4 November 2025, 
with the date for determining entitlements being 
17 October 2025. The dividend reinvestment plan 
remains suspended in respect of the final dividend.
Risks
The Group reviews risks on a periodic basis and 
continues to develop its risk framework and 
processes to proactively identify, measure, monitor 
and mitigate risks to an acceptable level. Rising input 
costs, a weak economic environment, legislative 
obligations, decarbonisation of the economy, cyber 
security, customer credit risk, and climate change 
have been identified as the most significant risks 
being managed by the Group. These risks were 
present throughout FY2025 and are expected to 
persist in future financial years.
The risks mentioned above have been identified as 
significant as they could impact the Group’s ability to 
achieve its financial targets. Management strategies 
adopted by the Group include:
Increased input costs – The Group has experienced 
increased costs across many of its key inputs. 
Significant cost increases affect a wide range of 
items, including property costs, labour force, fleet 
(purchase and maintenance) and transport costs. 
Increased input costs are reviewed regularly and 
form the basis of customer pricing reviews, which  
are typically conducted annually.
Weak economic environment  – As the leading 
carrier of steel products in Australia, as well as a 
major carrier of sawn timber and timber related 
products, the Group has a concentration of its 
revenue exposed to the construction industry. 
Weaker economic conditions that have prevailed 
in the last two years have adversely impacted 
construction activity. While interest rates are 
currently expected to continue to fall, there is 
typically a substantial time lag between interest  
rate reductions and increased construction activity.  The Group has reduced its exposure to the domestic 
construction sector in FY2025, as well as managing 
this risk by increasing services to a number of 
different industry sectors.
Legislative obligations  – The Group faces material 
exposure around compliance with legislative 
obligations (including transport, work health and 
safety laws) and the potential that a serious incident 
or accident could result in death, serious injury and/
or environmental harm, as well as major reputational 
damage and/or the loss of key customer contracts. 
The Group seeks to mitigate this exposure via 
policies, procedures, maintenance of external 
accreditations and training.
Decarbonisation of the economy – A number of the 
Group’s key customers operate in energy and/or 
emissions intensive industries and in some instances 
are subject to the carbon emissions Safeguard 
Mechanism. The Group seeks to mitigate these 
risks by differentiating itself from its competitors, 
diversifying the nature and scope of its activities 
across a number of sectors, geographic regions, and 
customer groups, as well as staggering the expiry 
dates of key customer contracts.
Customer credit risk – The Group provides credit 
facilities to its customers for services provided and 
fuel sales. Non-payment by customers could impact 
cash flows and increase debt collection costs or 
recognition of bad or doubtful debts. The Group has 
a dedicated credit management team and credit 
approval processes to mitigate credit risk. The Group 
has strict parameters for credit terms advanced to 
non-contracted and new customers and has been 
proactively winding back credit terms for contracted 
customers where existing contracts expire or are up 
for renewal/renegotiation. 
Cyber security  – A cyber breach poses a material 
risk to the Group’s ability to efficiently service its 
customers and may result in significant financial and 
reputational harm. In recognition of this, the Group 
has implemented a range of IT security measures 
that are appropriate for an operation of our size, 
scale, and reach including the use of real time 
monitoring tools. In addition to standard controls, the 
Group conducts annual cyber security assessments 
aligned with the Australian Cyber Security Centre’s 
Essential Eight maturity model. These assessments 
are used to identify vulnerabilities, guide remediation 
efforts, and inform targeted education initiatives 
across the organisation. Annual penetration testing 
is also performed to detect and address potential 
network weaknesses. The Group also continues to 
actively educate its workforce on the evolving threat 
landscape, reinforcing a strong cyber-aware culture.DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)
18   K&S Corporation Limited Annual Report 2025