=== Page 12 ===
We are acutely aware of the need to take care 
of our environment and contribute to reducing 
global carbon emissions. This is reflected 
in our 2030 carbon neutral target and the 
development of an Emissions Management 
Plan to reduce our emissions. 6. Protecting 
our environment
Reaching for the stars 
Our internal environmental group known as the Green Thinking Stars 
help us think more creatively about the ways in which we can reduce 
our environmental footprint. The group comprises team members from 
across the business, who work with leaders to identify and implement 
changes to help us reach carbon neutrality. The team also encourage 
our community to take part in broader initiatives including Earth Hour 
and Clean Up Australia Day. 
Putting ideas into action 
We continue making a conscious effort to create 
more sustainable business and community events. 
By minimising travel where possible and purchasing 
carbon offset credits, we have reduced the 
environmental impact of our large-scale events. 
We also introduced a new policy mandating the 
purchase of carbon offsets on business flights when 
available. As a result, over 890,000 kilometres flown 
by team members were carbon neutral. In addition, 
we moved our company fleet to hybrid vehicles 
that deliver lower exhaust emissions and a reduced 
environmental impact. 
Reduced our use 
of paper and 
stationery by over
60%Through our partnership with Waste Ninja, we continue 
to divert office food and organics waste to EPA licenced 
recovery partners for conversion into organic fertiliser 
and renewable energy sources. We also promote mobile 
phone, battery and e-waste recycling with collection 
boxes throughout our offices. 
Digital efforts on an operational and customer front 
reduced our use of paper and stationery by over 60% 
from last year. 
As we completed renovations across our Melbourne 
office, we ensured to maintain high energy efficiency. 
Wherever possible, we made purchases with B Corp or 
Supply Nation certified organisations including Muru 
Supplies who remain our main office stationery supplier. 
Liberty Environment, Social & Governance Report    
21
Liberty Environment, Social & Governance Report 22