=== Page 8 ===
Our Materiality Topics
In the latter half of 2024, Latitude conducted a materiality 
assessment aligned with ASRS requirements, shaping our 
sustainability framework and defining key material topics.
Through this process, we identified and ranked 22 sustainability 
topics based on their significance to internal and external 
stakeholders. From this, we determined our top eight material 
topics, prioritising those with the most substantial economic, 
environmental and social impact. The evaluation considered 
multiple criteria, including relevance to stakeholder concerns, 
alignment with global sustainability frameworks, potential 
business risks and opportunities and the urgency for action. This 
comprehensive approach ensured a balanced perspective that 
aligns stakeholder priorities with Latitude’s strategic objectives.
While all topics hold value, the material topics represent the areas 
of greatest importance to our stakeholders and highest impact 
for Latitude. These priorities will guide Latitude’s sustainability 
action plan as we focus on driving meaningful progress and 
embedding our sustainability strategy across operations.
 Responsible Business
Our Values and Code of Conduct set the foundation for 
Latitude, guiding employees to make ethical, informed 
decisions that support our two million customers across 
Australia and New Zealand while enhancing our brand 
and reputation. We foster an open and engaging culture, 
encouraging employees to discuss risk and compliance matters 
with a focus on trust, transparency and doing what’s right.
Risk management is an inherent part of our operations and can 
influence strategic goals, performance and the expectations of our community, regulators and shareholders. To deliver value 
to customers, partners and shareholders, all employees are 
responsible for identifying and managing risks across Latitude.
Our commitment to robust risk management and governance 
underpins our responsible business practices. By prioritising 
integrity and transparency, we strive to build trust with 
stakeholders. Latitude also recognises that good governance 
is integral to sustainability, ensuring our decisions respect 
the communities and environments in which we operate.Climate Action
Latitude’s Climate Action pillar focuses on reducing 
our environmental footprint and effectively managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities. We recognise the 
importance of addressing our operations’ environmental 
impact and commencing the development of strategies 
to minimise resource use, reduce emissions and build 
resilience against climate risks. By setting measurable 
goals and exploring sustainable practices across our value 
chain, we aim to make a positive impact on our planet 
while aligning with global climate action initiatives.In 2025, Latitude will focus on:
• Managing climate-related risks and opportunities: 
 Implementing strategies to mitigate risks and capitalise 
on opportunities that impact our business. These 
may include energy efficiency initiatives, low-carbon 
technologies and sustainable supply chain practices.
• Developing a plan to reduce carbon in our operations: 
 Establishing a roadmap to reduce carbon in our operations 
including setting targets to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions and contributing to global climate action efforts.
• Building climate resilience:  Strengthening our ability 
to adapt to climate change while supporting long-term 
sustainability for our business and the communities we serve.Latitude’s top eight  
material sustainability topics
1. Ethical Conduct
2. Corporate Governance
3. Risk Management
4. Anti-Money Laundering and 
Counter Terrorism Financing
5. Cyber Security and Data Privacy
6. Responsible Lending
7. Vulnerable Customers and 
Financial Hardship
8. Culture and Employee Engagement1. Ethical Conduct
Latitude is committed to fostering a culture that promotes 
and recognises ethical behaviour. Employees are encouraged 
to report unethical, unlawful, or undesirable conduct 
without fear of intimidation, retaliation, or disadvantage.
Creating a safe and transparent environment is central to 
our approach, empowering employees to address actual, 
suspected, or potential wrongdoing. A strong risk culture 
underpins effective governance and Latitude reinforces this 
through a set of Risk Management Principles that guide daily 
risk management. These principles are supported by the 
actions and leadership of the Board and senior management.
Key updates for 2024 include:
• Achieving high compliance training completion 
rates:  As of 31 December 2024, Latitude 
achieved a completion rate of 98.7%.
• Refreshing the Code of Conduct:  Latitude 
updated its comprehensive ‘Tier 1’ policy that 
defines conduct expectations across Latitude.
• Revamping the Consequence Management Framework: 
 A revised framework was introduced to establish 
clear, consistent expectations for addressing conduct 
or performance that falls short of our standards.
2. Corporate Governance
The Latitude Board is responsible for oversight of the 
business and its governance and performance with 
specific duties set out in the Board Charter. Our corporate 
governance framework provides effective and responsible 
decision making, assisting Latitude to deliver its strategy 
and purpose. The framework also ensures the interests 
of shareholders, employees, customers and the broader 
community are balanced and protected. It is operationalised 
via clear policies, processes and procedures to ensure 
responsible management and decision-making at all levels.
3. Risk Management
Managing risk is fundamental to Latitude’s success. Latitude 
is continually reviewing its risk management capabilities 
to cater for changes to its strategy and developments in 
the external environment, as well as the enduring focus of 
achieving the best customer outcomes. Latitude’s enterprise 
risk management framework (ERMF), risk appetite statement 
(RAS) and supporting processes are regularly reviewed and 
updated, as required, to ensure relevant risks in business 
activities are identified, measured, monitored and managed.
Latitude maintains a system of internal controls commensurate 
with the scale of our business and to operate within a 
Board-defined risk appetite. Latitude employs a three-lines-
of-defence model to ensure effective risk management:• First line of defence – Management and staff:  primary 
responsibility for identifying and managing risks.
• Second line of defence – Group Risk:  provide enterprise 
guardrails and advise and oversee the first line of defence to 
ensure risks are appropriately understood and addressed.
• Third line of defence – Internal Audit: 
 provides independent oversight and reporting 
of the first and second lines of defence.
Our three lines of defence operating model is intended to:
• Maintain a system of internal controls commensurate 
with the scale of the business. This incorporates 
management and staff taking primary responsibility 
for identifying and managing risks.
• Support the business in enabling growth and productivity, 
while ensuring operational reliability and resilience.
Latitude’s formal governance structures ensure there is 
visibility and discussion of material risks and appropriate 
decisions and actions are taken. Management run 
frequent risk forums and committees and report 
on risks and risk management to the Board Risk 
Committee. Internal Audit also has an independent 
reporting line to the Board Audit Committee.
4. Anti-Money Laundering and Counter 
Terrorism Financing
Latitude is acutely focused on protecting customers and 
the wider community from financial crime. Our efforts 
to prevent, detect and deter financial crime include:
• Maintaining a robust Anti-Money Laundering (AML) 
and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) Program: 
 This program details Latitude’s compliance with its 
requirements under the Anti-Money Laundering 
and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (AML/
CTF Act), including its management of key money 
laundering (ML) and terrorism financing (TF) risks.
• Implementing comprehensive policies and 
procedures:  Latitude’s Financial Crime Compliance 
Policy sets expectations and commitments for 
managing money laundering and terrorism financing 
risks. Detailed policies and procedures exist to ensure 
money laundering and terrorism financing risks are 
managed at onboarding and on an ongoing basis.
• Providing targeted training:  Annual money laundering 
and terrorism financing training is provided to the Latitude 
Board and all Latitude employees. More targeted training 
is also provided across the business as and when required.
• Conducting regular compliance assessments: 
 Quality assurance testing on compliance is done 
regularly and controls to mitigate money laundering 
and terrorism financing risks are assessed regularly 
to confirm their effectiveness. Latitude is also 
subject to periodic independent reviews of its 
compliance with its AML/CTF obligations.*This list is not in priority order.
14
 15
Latitude Group Holdings Limited – Annual Report 2024