=== Table 1 (page 6) ===
Sustainability
We are pleased to have issued the Group’s second annual Sustainability report – Flourish – as
part  of  our  FY24  annual  report.    This  report  provides  detailed  insights  into  the  Group’s
"investment, activities and focus areas across our environmental, social and governance (ESG)"
"initiatives. 
  Across  FY24, 
the  Group’s  multidisciplinary  sustainability 
team 
focused  on"
"establishing  visibility,  baselines  and  processes 
that  underpin  our  ESG  platform.  Some"
foundation achievements of this team include the establishment of six material sustainability
"pillars  that  constitute  the  framework  for  our  longer-term  ESG  roadmap.    These  are  waste,"
"carbon emissions, water, packaging, biodiversity, and people and community.  Our team also"
"formalised  processes 
to  approve  and 
fund  proposed  ESG  projects  and 
initiatives,  and"
formulated and released the Group’s public Sustainability policy.
We are proud to have entered two important flora conservation partnerships with the Botanic
Gardens of Sydney and the Centre for Ecological Restoration in Kenya.  The Botanical Gardens
of  Sydney  is  custodian  of  three  significant  botanic  gardens  in  New  South  Wales  and  our
support  extends  to  the  Garden’s  mission  to  protect  and  preserve  Australia’s  native  flora
"through research, land and habitat restoration.  The Centre for Ecological Restoration in Kenya"
"is  a  recently  established,  not-for-profit  organisation  in  Kenya  that  has  a  core  mission  of"
"restoring biodiverse ecosystems by engaging people, sharing knowledge and conserving local"
native flora.
We continue to closely monitor and manage our emissions and energy consumption following
the establishment of baseline emissions data in the previous year.  Recognising that a material
"contributor to our scope 3 emissions is airfreight into Australia, we are investing in and have"
commissioned primary research and trials to examine the feasibility of enhanced sea freight
capabilities.
"Waste reduction and management stands as a foundation of our sustainability efforts, reflecting"
our commitment to efficient resource utilisation and environmental stewardship.  Encouraging
high staff engagement in our waste management activities has had significant positive internal
cultural impacts and provides the model for rollout to a broader selection of sites.
"We launched our internal People Plan, a three-year working strategy to meet the business’"
"long-term  goals  with  focus  areas  including  diversity  and  inclusion,  health,  safety  and  well-"
"being,  development  and  succession, 
talent  acquisition,  engagement  and  retention,  and"
management and compliance.  The health and safety of our people remains a key priority for
"the Group, with ongoing investments made during the year in our WHS roadmap to continue"
to support and protect our people.
"Following  the  recent  developments  on  Australian  Sustainability  Standards,  we  are  in  the"
process of determining the nature and form of disclosures required under AASB Sustainability
Standards and our future reporting and disclosures are expected to evolve to achieve ASRS
S1 and ASRS S2 compliance by the relevant adoption date.
Lynch Group Holdings Limited (ACN 608 543 219)
"8b Williamson Road, Ingleburn NSW 2565, Australia 
6"