=== Page 2 ===
Lynch Group Holdings Limited ( ACN 608 543 219)     
8b Williamson Road, Ingleburn NSW 2565,  Australia  2 
 
The Group continued to optimise its merchandising system, to further improve merchandiser 
productivity and allow the business to capture increased sales opportunities whilst minimising in-store waste.  The Group, with one of the largest independent merchandising teams in 
Australia, derives approximately 40% of its sales from Sale or Return (SOR) stores where the Group heavily influences in- store range, volumes and presentation, in conjunction with our 
supermarket customers.  Like prior years, growth in SOR store revenue was ahead of core store growth (where ordering and display are managed internally by the supermarket customer).  
The value the Group brings to its supermarket customers is our ability to plan and manage a complex category.  We trade in a highly perishable seasonal product that is sourced from Tier 1 growers in Australia and from around the world.  Growing conditions can often vary from season to season and supply chains are prone to disruption.  The Group continues to focus on increasing sea freight as an alternative to air where quality can be maintained.  This has the potential to make a material difference to the l anded cost of product as well as reducing our 
carbon emissions.  
Our in- house quality team works closely with Australian Biosecurity to ensure that imported 
product is effectively treated and screened to protect Australia from damaging pests and disease.  We work actively with government authorities in each of our major countries of origin 
to achieve world’s best practice in bio- security process design and execution, minimising 
rejection rates in Australia and building confidence in the quality of imported product.  
The Group is the largest importer of floral product into Australia.  Our Markets sites distribute locally sourced products alongside imported lines to other wholesalers and florists.  With our hub operations in Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, and two satellite sites in Newcastle 
and Canberra, our Markets operation leverages our procurement scale and provides additional flexibility in how we manage product flow.  Additionally, the Markets business provides important real time market intelligence on pri ce and product availability which feeds back into 
our supermarkets business.  We continue to look at opportunities to expand our Markets footprint.  
China  
Due to historical product quality issues associated with a fragmented and developing grower base, coupled with multilayer ambient product distribution networks, the consumer market for floral products in China had been slow to develop.  Today, the floral m arket in China is many 
times the size of most western markets, and consumer buying trends centred around self -
consumption and gifting, particularly during key event periods, are emerging quickly.  Per capita spend rates on floral products remains low on a comparable international basis.  The 
Group’s China operation is the largest grower of premium flowers in the country, with four farms and a processing facility located in Yunnan province, and distribution and bouquet 
making facilities located in Shanghai a nd Guangzhou.  For personal use only

=== Page 6 ===
Lynch Group Holdings Limited ( ACN 608 543 219)     
8b Williamson Road, Ingleburn NSW 2565,  Australia  6 
 
Sustainability  
We are pleased to have issued the Group’s second annual Sustainability report – Flourish – as 
part of our FY24 annual report.  This report provides detailed insights into the Group’s 
investment, activities and focus areas across our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives.  Across FY24, the Group’s multidisciplinary sustainability team focused on establishing visibility, baselines and processes that underpin our ESG platform. Some foundation achievements of this team include the establishment  of six material sustainability 
pillars that constitute the framework for our longer -t e r m  E S G  r o a d m a p .   T h e s e  a r e  w a s t e ,  
carbon emissions, water, packaging, biodiversity, and people and community.  Our team also formalised processes to approve and fund proposed ESG projects and initiatives, and formulated and released the Group’s public Sustainability policy.  
We are proud to have entered two important flora conservation partnerships with the Botanic Gardens of Sydney and the Centre for Ecological Restoration in Kenya.  The Botanical Gardens of Sydney is custodian of three significant botanic gardens in New South Wales and our support extends to the Garden’s mission to protect and preserve Australia’s native flora 
through research, land and habitat restoration.  The Centre for Ecological Restoration in Kenya 
is a recently established, not -for-profit organisation in Kenya that has a core mission of 
restoring biodiverse ecosystems by engaging people, sharing knowledge and conserving local native flora.  
We continue to closely monitor and manage our emissions and energy consumption following the establishment of baseline emissions data in the previous year.  Recognising that a material contributor to our scope 3 emissions is airfreight into Australia, we a re investing in and have 
commissioned primary research and trials to examine the feasibility of enhanced sea freight capabilities.  
Waste reduction and management stands as a foundation of our sustainability efforts, reflecting our commitment to efficient resource utilisation and environmental stewardship.  Encouraging high staff engagement in our waste management activities has had significant positive internal cultural impacts and provides the model for rollout to a broader selection of sites.  
We launched our internal People Plan, a three -year working strategy to meet the business’ 
long-term goals with focus areas including diversity and inclusion, health, safety and well -
being, development and succession, talent acquisition, engagement and rete ntion, and 
management and compliance.  The health and safety of our people remains a key priority for the Group, with ongoing investments made during the year in our WHS roadmap to continue to support and protect our people.  
Following the recent developments on Australian Sustainability Standards, we are in the process of determining the nature and form of disclosures required under AASB Sustainability Standards and our future reporting and disclosures are expected to evolve to achieve ASRS S1 and ASRS S2 compliance by the relevant adoption date.  For personal use only