=== Page 44 ===
Climate change risk 
As with all Australian sites, we recognise that our 
sites and homeowners are vulnerable to the physical 
impacts of climate change.
Therefore, in FY22, we undertook a high-level climate 
change risk screening to better understand the current 
and future exposure of our sites to the physical risks 
of climate change. This screening assumed the ‘worst 
case scenario’ of a mean global temperature rise of 
3.7 degrees by 2100. This has allowed us to identify 
opportunities to mitigate and adapt to long-term risks 
and impacts through influencing the location, design 
and management of existing and future communities. 
We also recognise that there are a number of 
transition risks (from a global transition to a low-carbon 
economy) that may impact our business in the long-
term. While we are working to better understand these 
risks, our initial high-level assessment through the lens 
of warming kept below 2°C has identified a number of 
risks which are outlined below:
How we’re working to mitigate and adapt to 
physical risks
 •Screen potential site acquisitions to avoid sites 
most at risk
 •Direct our maintenance capital spend towards 
communities most at risk
 •Regularly reviewing our emergency management 
procedures and partnering with specialised 
agencies such as fire authorities How we’re working to address transition risks
We have set out our Net Zero operational emissions 
target and have been rolling out progressively more 
sophisticated solar and microgrid technology (on-site 
renewables) to each new development. 
We actively monitor developments in national and 
international reporting legislation and frameworks, 
taking the lead from larger organisations who will be at 
the forefront of legislative changes and are working to 
gradually improve our reporting, disclosures and data 
collection regimes and mechanisms. 
We will continue to monitor developments in these 
spaces and utilise our dynamic approach to address 
challenges as they arise.
A smaller footprint
The size and configuration of our communities, 
as well as the modular nature of our homes, 
lends itself to a decreased footprint of both our 
communities and individual homes. 
Our higher density community configurations 
contribute less to urban sprawl than a typical 
sub-division.
Average density of a typical subdivision in Victoria 
= 14 to 16 homes per hectare.
Average density of a Lifestyle Community = 26 
homes per hectare.
Compared to the emissions footprint of a typical 
home in Melbourne’s outer suburbs, our homes 
have a smaller operational emissions footprint.Climate action
We recognise that climate change impacts the well-
being of people and planet, and so have committed to a 
course of action to embed, adapt to and mitigate climate 
action where possible.
Lifestyle Communities® Annual Report 2024
39
Lifestyle Communities®For personal use only

=== Page 45 ===
Physical
TransitionDrought Riverine/rainfall 
floodStorms and  
large hailExtreme heat Bushfires Coastal 
inundation
Market
Cost of retrofitting/changing 
consumer demands 
Energy supply risks/Cost  
of raw materials  
(low carbon/other)Policy and Legal
Potential policy changes, 
including land use policy change
Climate policy changes around 
emissions reductions targets/  
carbon pricing 
Policy changes around  
reporting/disclosures
Risk of litigation for climate  
related damages Reputation
Changing consumer and 
stakeholder preferences around 
sustainability and climate 
resilienceT echnology
Substitution of existing carbon 
intensive technologies with lower 
carbon ones
Investing in new technologies 
Net Zero operational emissions by 2035
What we mean by ‘Net Zero Operational Emissions’
Net Zero
An absolute reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 
90-95% percent, with the remaining 5-10% emissions 
that are not possible to cut, neutralised through 
carbon removals. This is aligned to 1.5°C aligned 
warming pathways. 
Operational Emissions
We remain committed to our target to achieve net zero 
operational emissions by 2035. 
Traditionally this means a reduction in our Scope 1 and 
2 emissions.
We believe that through our solar PV and microgrid 
program of work, we can provide access to renewables 
for our homeowners, which means that we can directly 
influence their emissions profile at the source. We can 
also influence the type of grid electricity being drawn 
into our communities through our embedded network/
microgrid configurations. Therefore, our target encompasses:
Scope 1 Direct emissions:  On-site gas use by LIC for 
common facilities, fuel used for LIC vehicles
Scope 2 Purchased electricity:  Electricity used by LIC 
managed facilities
Scope 3 Indirect emissions:  Energy used by 
homeowners in LIC Communities.
These categories align with the boundaries of what we 
currently measure in our Greenhouse Gas Inventory 
(GHG Inventory).Climate action
40
Life. Unlimited.For personal use only

=== Page 46 ===
Journey to 
Net Zero 2035
* We recognise that we may have left over emissions that are difficult to reduce.  
We will work to fund high quality offsets for those emissions. Operational emissions
We remain committed to our target to achieve 
net zero operational emissions by 2035.
Traditionally this means a reduction in our 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions. However, due to the 
unique nature of our communities and our 
operational control of the energy procurement 
mix, we have expanded this target to include 
All electric new developments
New developments are 100% 
electric. Continued focus on 
innovation and design changes 
to improve efficiency.Improve efficiency
Use latest technology to 
make new communities 
more efficient, and influence 
behaviour change where we 
can. Progressively upgrade 
equipment at older communities 
to improve efficiency over time.
Buy where we can’t generate
Buy an increasing amount of 
green power (from renewables) 
from the grid over time.Generate where we can*
Optimise on-site solar 
generation in all communities.
Measure, report and track
Measure and report on 
emissions every year, improving 
as we go along.
the Scope 3 emissions generated by our 
homeowners’ energy use.
We believe that through our solar PV and 
microgrid program of work, we can provide 
access to renewables for our homeowners – 
which means that we can directly influence 
their emissions profile at the source.
Lifestyle Communities® Annual Report 2024
41
Lifestyle Communities®For personal use only

=== Page 47 ===
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory
Summary of 2023 by source
(Lifestyle activities)
tCO2e/annum
Emission source Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
Natural gas 6 0
LPG 4 1
Fleet vehicles 63 16
Refrigerants 298
Electricity 3,436 305
Waste 1,674
Water 47
Flights 3
Total 371 3,436 2,046
Summary of 2023 by source
(Homeowner activities)
tCO2e/annum
Emission source Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
Natural gas 541
Electricity 8,902
Total 9,443A note on challenges affecting data collection 
and continuous improvement
Our developments in progress involve a mix of 
construction usage and homeowner usage. As such, 
we acknowledge that some of the data from our 
developing sites may not provide an accurate picture 
of our emissions split between development and 
operations. 
Our reported total emissions are accurate to the best 
of our knowledge and based on metered data. We 
are working to develop more accurate reporting and 
monitoring systems across our communities and will 
learn from the challenges of applying our boundaries to 
developing communities.Climate action
42
Life. Unlimited.For personal use only