=== Table 1 (page 45) ===
Risk of litigation for climate,
related damages,
Net Zero operational emissions by 2035,
What we mean by ‘Net Zero Operational Emissions’,
Net Zero,"Therefore, our target encompasses:"
An absolute reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by,
"90-95% percent, with the remaining 5-10% emissions",Scope 1 Direct emissions: On-site gas use by LIC for
"that are not possible to cut, neutralised through","common facilities, fuel used for LIC vehicles"
carbon removals. This is aligned to 1.5°C aligned,
warming pathways.,Scope 2 Purchased electricity: Electricity used by LIC
,managed facilities
Operational Emissions,
We remain committed to our target to achieve net zero,Scope 3 Indirect emissions: Energy used by
operational emissions by 2035.,homeowners in LIC Communities.
Traditionally this means a reduction in our Scope 1 and,These categories align with the boundaries of what we
2 emissions.,currently measure in our Greenhouse Gas Inventory
,(GHG Inventory).
We believe that through our solar PV and microgrid,
"program of work, we can provide access to renewables",
"for our homeowners, which means that we can directly",
influence their emissions profile at the source. We can,
also influence the type of grid electricity being drawn,
into our communities through our embedded network/,
microgrid configurations.,

=== Table 2 (page 46) ===
Operational emissions,
We remain committed to our target to achieve,the Scope 3 emissions generated by our
net zero operational emissions by 2035.,homeowners’ energy use.
Traditionally this means a reduction in our,We believe that through our solar PV and
"Scope 1 and 2 emissions. However, due to the","microgrid program of work, we can provide"
unique nature of our communities and our,access to renewables for our homeowners –
operational control of the energy procurement,which means that we can directly influence
"mix, we have expanded this target to include",their emissions profile at the source.

=== Table 3 (page 47) ===
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory,,A note on challenges affecting data collection
,,and continuous improvement
Summary of 2023 by source,,Our developments in progress involve a mix of
(Lifestyle activities),,"construction usage and homeowner usage. As such,"
,,we acknowledge that some of the data from our
tCO2e/annum,,
,,developing sites may not provide an accurate picture
"Emission source
Scope 1
Scope 2",Scope 3,
,,of our emissions split between development and
"Natural gas
6",0,
,,operations.
"LPG
4",1,
"Fleet vehicles
63",16,Our reported total emissions are accurate to the best
"Refrigerants
298",,of our knowledge and based on metered data. We
"Electricity
3,436",305,are working to develop more accurate reporting and
,,monitoring systems across our communities and will
Waste,"1,674",
,,learn from the challenges of applying our boundaries to
Water,47,
,,developing communities.
Flights,3,
"Total
371
3,436","2,046",