=== Page 8 ===
6 Lendlease Annual Report 2025
Development
There were $2.3b of development 
completions at the landmark One Sydney 
Harbour residential precinct, with the 
settlement of Residences Two and 
Watermans Residences. Construction 
of our next major luxury residential 
development, One Circular Quay in 
Sydney, also progressed, with total pre-
sales of more than 88 per cent by number 
of units or $2.1b by total value.
We continued to grow the Australian 
development pipeline with $3b of new 
projects and capital partnerships secured, 
including luxury residential projects at 
175 Liverpool St post-balance date and 
One Darling Point in Sydney, and a 
new build-to-rent project in Victoria 
Harbour, Melbourne.
Construction
Construction earnings were subdued for 
the year, impacted by losses in the first 
half predominantly due to two projects. 
However, the second half saw improved 
performance, including partial recovery of 
first half project losses.
New work secured in the year of $5b 
was exceptionally strong, bringing the 
total construction backlog to $5.9b and 
supporting an anticipated increase in 
future revenues. Over the medium term, 
the business is targeting more than $5b in 
annual revenues with growth focussed on 
defence, social infrastructure, workplace 
and data centres.
Capital Release Unit
Following the May 2024 strategy 
update, the Capital Release Unit 
(CRU) was established to accelerate 
the release of $4.5b of net capital 
and to divest Lendlease’s international 
construction operations.
This financial  year, we announced or 
completed capital recycling initiatives of 
$2.5b. This included $2.3b from CRU 
of the $2.8b targeted, with recycling 
conducted at or above book value.
Divestment of international construction 
operations across the US, UK and Asia 
was also achieved ahead of schedule, 
improving the risk profile  of the Group. 
Further capital recycling within CRU is 
underway, with $2b of capital targeted to 
be released over the coming year.
Focussing on the things that set 
Lendlease apart
Physical safety and wellbeing
The health and safety of our people, 
subcontractors and those who interact 
with the places we create and manage 
remains our highest priority.To support our focus on safety, this year 
a new safety index was introduced to 
measure lag and lead metrics. There were 
no fatalities recorded this year, across 
more than 400 operations and 57 million 
hours worked, delivering another strong 
result from our people and supply 
chain partners.
A performance culture
As we continue to simplify the Group, 
aiming to enhance securityholder returns, 
our focus remains on strengthening our 
performance culture, retaining key talent 
and supporting our people. This includes 
investing in the future leaders of the 
business through training and succession 
planning to support a robust and diverse 
talent pool for the future.
Employee engagement scores across the 
organisation were largely stable on the 
prior year, with a modest reduction of 
0.1 points. Our people’s health, wellbeing 
and psychological safety is fundamental 
to Lendlease’s culture and purpose, with 
a range of programs delivered throughout 
the year in support of these priorities.
Customer centric ethos
We continue to prioritise delivering 
strong outcomes for our customers 
and know that consistent, high-quality 
customer experiences are fundamental 
to Lendlease’s long-term success. 
We monitor our performance through 
customer insights and analytics to 
enhance our customer journey.
This year, Lendlease strengthened its 
capital partner relationships, including 
new joint venture opportunities with 
Mitsubishi Estate Asia and National 
Pension Service of Korea across the 
Development and Investments platforms 
respectively, and our second project with 
Nippon Steel Kowa Real Estate post 
balance date.
Strong customer relationships were also 
demonstrated by repeat purchases across 
our luxury residential developments and 
ongoing partnerships from government 
and corporate clients within Construction. 
Leadership in sustainability
In 2025, Lendlease achieved two of 
its major sustainability milestones – 
achieving its Net Zero target by 2025 for 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions and delivering 
more than $280m of social value by 2025, 
exceeding its $250m social value target.
Lendlease also achieved its 100 per 
cent renewable electricity goal in 2025, 
five years ahead of schedule, as it 
continues to take a leadership position 
on decarbonisation.Across its business operations, Lendlease 
continues to increase electrification  of 
plant and equipment and further utilise 
bio fuel and renewable diesel alternatives, 
where possible.
Our industry leadership in sustainability, 
across both environmental and social 
issues, is valued by a high proportion 
of our stakeholders, including customers, 
Investments and Development partners 
and employees, as we now shift focus 
toward our 2040 Absolute Zero target for 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.   
Outlook
We have entered the new financial  year 
with strong momentum and improved 
operational performance across our 
IDC segments. Lendlease management 
remains focussed on the continued 
execution of the Group’s capital recycling 
initiatives as well as positioning the 
business for sustainable growth.
Our focus for Development remains the 
growth of our Australian pipeline, with 
more than $10b in new opportunities 
targeted to secure over the next 12 
months. We will continue to pursue a 
capital efficient  joint venture-led model, 
with more than 85 per cent of all 
development projects in joint ventures 
once our partnership with The Crown 
Estate is established, following the 
satisfaction of conditions precedent.
The strength of the balance sheet 
remains a priority, and with c.$300m 
of contracted CRU inflows  in FY26 and 
$1b of capital reycling initiatives at an 
advanced stage, we have reaffirmed 
gearing to be at or below 15 per cent by 
the end of FY26.
We remain committed to improving 
securityholder returns and being a leading 
Australian real estate company. We have 
a clear path forward for our people, 
partners and securityholders, and I look 
forward to delivering further progress in 
the year ahead.
I want to thank our Lendlease people 
for their dedication, hard work and 
commitment. Their efforts  in delivering on 
our key strategic priorities have played a 
critical role in advancing the turnaround 
of our organisation.
Tony Lombardo
Group Chief Executive Officer  and 
Managing Director

=== Page 12 ===
10 Lendlease Annual Report 2025
Investments
An international investment management platform focussed on  active 
portfolio management and performance.
Funds management
For decades, we have managed funds and 
assets for some of the world’s largest real 
estate investors. We currently manage 
$48.9b of funds on behalf of more than 
70 capital partners, many of which are 
invested across multiple products and 
regions. They include large sovereign 
wealth funds, superannuation funds and 
insurance companies.
We have established investment 
platforms in Australia and Asia, operating 
at scale, and over recent periods 
have invested in strengthening our 
investment capability in the UK and US. 
Approximately 57 per cent of our FUM 
are currently derived from Australia, with 
43 per cent from offshore.  Our product 
offering  comprises 41 funds and mandates 
and is diversified  across asset classes 
and geographies.
Across our platform, we are focussed 
on driving performance for our investors 
and partners while seeking to actively 
manage our investment portfolio to 
enhance investment returns and provide 
appropriate liquidity. We also seek 
to enhance our investment capabilities 
across the risk spectrum, working with 
partners to expand our product offering.
Asset creation
Our develop-to-core real estate products, 
created from our development pipeline, 
typically contribute to FUM growth. Over 
the coming years, our investors will have 
access to more than $4b of high-quality 
investment product that is currently in 
production, providing Lendlease with 
a competitive advantage. This will be 
complemented by our ability to source 
on-market opportunities for our clients, 
such as Lendlease introducing two new 
Japanese capital partners this year into 
the 21 Moorfields  sustainable office  asset 
in London.
This year, development completions of 
new investment product included:
The Turing Building, Stratford Cross, 
London
The Turing Building includes 350,000 
square feet of sustainable Grade A office 
space, spanning 21 floors.  It is the first 
building to be delivered as part of 
Lendlease’s joint venture with Canada 
Pension Plan Investment Board (CPP Investments) at Stratford Cross on the 
edge of the Queen Elizabeth Olympic 
Park. The building has dual consent for 
both office  and educational use, making 
it a flexible  offering  for businesses and 
educational institutions. Arden University 
has chosen The Turing Building as its 
new flagship  London campus, occupying 
94,000 square feet and providing a 
vibrant space for its students to connect.
Forum, Boston
Forum, located at 60 Guest St, is a 1.15-
acre state-of-the-art life science building 
with world-class amenities. Forum will 
contribute to Boston Landings diverse 
mix of uses and will strengthen Allston/
Brightons emerging life science cluster. 
As one of the last sites to be developed 
as part of the master plan, the project 
will help complete the vision for Boston 
Landing as a transformative urban mixed-
use environment. The nine-story structure 
comprises 350,000 rentable square feet 
of state-of-the-art office/lab  space and 
a robust amenity program featuring a 
multipurpose ground floor  with an art 
gallery and café open to the public, an 
amenity centre for tenants, and outdoor 
spaces at key locations throughout 
the building.
Investments portfolio
Our co-investment portfolio is valued 
at $3.1b and includes co-ownership in 
our managed real estate funds and also 
separately managed mandates.
The portfolio is diversified  across a 
range of sectors, including workplace 
($1.0b), retail ($1.0b), residential ($0.6b), 
and industrial and other ($0.5b), including 
data centres.
Optimisation of the portfolio and 
capital redeployment opportunities are 
continually being assessed, with a 
target co-investment of 5–10 per cent 
ownership across our portfolio.
Leading sustainability targets 
and credentials
Our commitment to leading 
decarbonisation across our industry is 
demonstrated in our Mission Zero targets 
- some of the most ambitious in the real 
estate sector, including achieving our Net 
Zero target for Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
this year.We are leaders in creating and managing 
some of the world's most sustainable 
real estate, which helps attract capital 
partners and quality tenants, as well as 
contributing to investment performance 
and our competitive edge.
Our projects and assets achieve the 
highest sustainability ratings and we 
maintain leading positions on ESG 
assessments and benchmarks, including 
WELL and GRESB.
Strategic direction
We will continue to focus on delivering 
returns for our investors, which is critical 
to drive growth and performance across 
our investment management platform 
and the performance of our aligned 
co-investments. We will also seek 
to profitably  expand our Investments 
platform to achieve greater scale and 
operating leverage.
There are a number of international 
projects underway with capital partners 
that are expected to add more than $4b 
in FUM over coming years, adding to 
our existing international platform of $21b 
of FUM, alongside our current Australian 
platform of $28b.
Additionally, once completed, Lendlease 
retains the option to develop a further 
~$24b of investment product in the 
UK through its new joint venture with 
The Crown Estate, with assets spanning 
build-to-rent, life sciences, innovation and 
sustainable office.
In addition to our focus on develop-to-
core investment product in Australia, 
we'll continue to support capital partners 
internationally to source and selectively 
develop investment product offshore  via 
mandates where we have capability and 
where we see opportunity.
Priorities for the segment include:
•Focussing on investment 
performance, earnings growth 
and profitability
•Active portfolio management to 
provide liquidity to investors and 
facilitate effective  redeployment of 
Lendlease capital
•Strengthening existing, and adding 
new, capital partnerships
•Expanding beyond traditional 
develop-to-core product offerings.