=== Page 16 ===
Sustainability Report 
From the Chair of the Sustainability Committee
FY25	marked	Liontown’s 	first	year	of	operation	at	Kathleen	 Valley,	an	
important milestone in our journey from project development to producer. 
This new phase brought greater responsibility, together with the opportunity 
to demonstrate that sustainability is not a parallel function; it is embedded in 
how we operate, engage, and create long-term value.
People are central to everything we do. In FY25, we prioritised safety as 
our highest operational focus and continued to embed a proactive safety 
culture across both our workforce and contracting partners. While our TRIFR 
saw a minor increase as total hours worked post-construction reduced, we 
maintained a strong commitment to continuous improvement and learning.  
We broadened our focus to include mental health and psychological safety, a 
key to building a resilient workforce.
We strengthened our relationships with Native Title Holders through culturally 
appropriate engagement, expanded employment and business participation, 
and progressed initiatives that support long-term community partnerships. Our 
approach continues to be guided by the principles of Free, Prior and Informed 
Consent and we believe that working in genuine partnership creates lasting 
value for Aboriginal communities and the regions that support our operations.
We focused on optimising groundwater resources and progressed the 
development	 of	a	long-term	 water	strategy 	to	ensure	sustainable 	borefield 	
operation alongside reliable water supply for our site. Our understanding of the 
surrounding ecosystems continued to deepen through vegetation health studies 
and collaborative environmental surveys with Tjiwarl Native Title Holders ensuring 
the inclusion of traditional ecological knowledge. We also initiated planning with 
Zenith to trial mitigation measures aimed at reducing impacts on avian fauna and 
bat	species. 	These	efforts	reflect	our	commitment	to 	responsible 	water	use 	and	
biodiversity protection as we transition to steady-state operations.
In FY25, we strengthened our climate change response by publishing a Climate, 
Energy and Emissions Policy and committing to a comprehensive Climate, Energy 
and Greenhouse Gas Strategy. The hybrid power station averaged 81% renewable 
penetration at our operation, whilst we implemented a robust emissions data 
management system to track Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Work commenced on 
pilot	programs 	to	assess	low-emission	fleet	technologies 	and	studies 	into	battery	
storage	solutions 	to	support	future 	electrification. 	Looking	ahead, 	we	will	finalise 	
our Scope 3 emissions inventory, advance climate governance systems in line with 
AASB	S2	requirements 	and	finalise 	our	decarbonisation	strategy.
Adrienne Parker  
Chair of the Sustainability Committee
As Chair of the 
Sustainability 
Committee at 
Liontown Resources, 
I am proud to 
present our FY25 
Sustainability Report, 
a	reflection	 of	our	
commitment to 
being a responsible 
operator. Sustainability Report
Strong governance underpins all  
our sustainability efforts. In FY25,  
we laid the groundwork for ISO 14001  
(Environmental Management 
Systems) accreditation and 
commenced	planning	for	 our	first	
modern slavery statement. We 
also aligned internal processes to 
support upcoming climate disclosure 
obligations under AASB S2 and to 
ensure our strategy is effectively 
implemented and monitored we have 
enhanced our Environmental, Social, 
Governance and Economic (ESGE), 
systems and frameworks across the 
business.
As Chair of the Sustainability 
Committee, I’m proud of how we’ve 
embedded ESGE principles across 
Liontown, from boardroom decisions to frontline delivery. These principles 
don’t just shape our obligations; they 
guide how we lead, how we partner, 
and	how 	we	define	success. 	
As part of our ongoing growth and 
commitment to transparency, we 
have transitioned to including our 
sustainability disclosures in our 
Annual Report and are pleased 
to	introduce 	Liontown’s 	first	ESG	
Data Book. This new ESG Data 
Book is a resource that represents 
the next chapter in our maturity 
journey, offering stakeholders a 
transparent and accessible view of 
our performance metrics across key 
ESG indicators. The ESG Data Book 
complements our narrative reporting 
by providing detailed, comparable 
data that supports informed decision-making	and	reflects 	our	commitment	
to accountability. It is a foundational 
step towards enhanced disclosure and 
continuous improvement, aligned with 
global best practice and stakeholder 
expectations.
In FY26, we will build on the 
foundations we have established, and 
we will continue to strengthen our 
systems and demonstrate ongoing 
transparency. We do this because we 
believe delivering value the right way 
is the only way.
Adrienne Parker 
Chair of the Sustainability Committee
Liontown Resources  | FY25 Annual Report | 29 28 | Liontown Resource  | FY25 Annual Report
FY25 Performance Operating review Sustainability Report Directors’ Report Financial Reports Resources & Reserves Additional Information

=== Page 22 ===
Sustainability Report
Greenhouse gas emissions and 
climate change adaptation 
Liontown recognises the need to reduce greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions and energy use, and to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities. We are committed 
to acting on climate change and reducing our own 
operational carbon footprint in support of a transition 
to a low-carbon future, whilst retaining shareholder 
value. As a company, we aspire to attaining net-zero 
operational (Scope 1 and Scope 2) emissions by 2034 and 
acknowledge that strong governance foundations need 
to be	developed, 	implemented	and	maintained	to 	achieve 	
this commitment. In FY25, we published our Climate, 
Energy and Emissions Policy. 
We have committed to the development of a Climate, 
Energy and Greenhouse Gas Strategy to establish a 
clear and cohesive framework for addressing climate-
related risks and reducing our environmental impact. The 
framework will guide how we integrate climate resilience, 
decarbonisation, 	and	energy	efficiency 	into	our	operational	
and strategic decision-making. It will be designed to 
align with evolving regulatory expectations, investor 
requirements and the maturity of our business. We will 
establish baselines and set short, medium and long-term 
emission reduction targets aligned with the 2015 Paris 
Agreement	to 	the	United	Nations	Framework	Convention	
on Climate Change. 
We are committed to acting on 
climate change and reducing our 
own operational carbon footprint 
in support of a transition to a  
low-carbon future, whilst 
retaining shareholder value.
As part of building a resilient business and our commitment 
to managing climate-related risks and opportunities, 
we have	begun	reviewing	all	 climate-related	governance 	
systems and structures within the business. This work 
also supports our preparation for mandatory climate-
related	financial	 disclosures 	introduced	by 	the	Australian	
Accounting Standards Board (AASB) in FY25. This review 
includes revisiting climate scenario modelling undertaken 
in FY24 as well as its associated climate-related risk and 
opportunities (CRRO) assessments.
To comply with the reporting requirements under the AASB 
S2, we have developed a roadmap to address the key areas 
identified	in	 our	FY25	gap 	analysis 	against	the 	standard. 	
As part of this, we will further integrate CRROs into our 
overarching risk management systems  
and frameworks. 
Built for a low-carbon future
As a global provider of lithium concentrates, a critical 
mineral for battery storage and electric vehicle 
technologies, our operations have the potential to 
positively contribute to climate action and support the 
global energy transition and decarbonisation efforts. As a company, we seek to continuously enhance these 
positive contributions by maximising our own use of 
renewable 	energy	and	pursuing	 energy	efficiency 	at	all	
stages of our operation where it is economically feasible 
to do so. We engage with technology providers and 
contractors whose values and vision align with our ESGE 
and climate-related objectives. These partnerships support 
us in delivering on our commitments and progressing 
toward a lower-emissions future.
From the early stages of project development, our operational 
strategy has been focused on reducing GHG emissions by 
design. We invested in renewable energy infrastructure from 
the outset through our Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with 
Zenith	Energy. 	Our	PPA	financially 	incentivises 	the	production 	
of energy from renewable sources, over LNG or diesel. In 
FY25, we averaged 81% renewable energy penetration at 
Kathleen Valley. 
To ensure we continuously identify and act on energy 
use and emission reduction opportunities, we have 
implemented an integrated emissions data management 
system. This system allows us to identify, accurately 
measure, monitor and report on Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emissions, and energy use in accordance with the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER) and 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol). Our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions inventories are captured within the system and 
will continue to be progressively updated and reviewed. 
In FY26,	we	will	finalise	Scope	3	emission	inventory. 	
In FY25, our primary contributors of Scope 1 emissions 
were associated with the use of diesel in our open pit and 
underground	mining	mobile 	fleets,	including	loaders, 	drill	
rigs, haul trucks, excavators, and service vehicles. The 
process plant, including the crushing and grinding circuits, 
was the largest overall consumer of electricity at our 
operation. The primary source of our Scope 2 emissions is 
linked to the use of liquid natural gas (LNG) in the Zenith-
built,	owned	and	 operated	hybrid	 power	station. 	We also	
acknowledge our contribution to Scope 3 emissions 
through our procurement processes, supply chain 
activities, and the downstream use of our products. 
For more GHG emissions and energy related performance 
data see the Climate, Energy and Emissions sheet in the 
FY25 ESG	Data	Book.Decarbonisation
Our integrated emissions data management system 
supports 	a	dynamic, 	evidence-based	approach	to 	defining	
decarbonisation as part of our Climate, Energy and 
Greenhouse Gas Strategy. 
In FY25, we began actively exploring potential pilot 
programmes to evaluate and identify the most cost-
effective technologies for transitioning our diesel-powered 
fleet	to	electric	alternatives. 	The	purpose 	was	to	assess	
the technical feasibility, operational performance and cost 
effectiveness across various mining equipment categories. 
In	FY26,	our	open	pit	mining	fleet	 will	be	demobilised	
in line with the completion of the open pit, and we will 
conduct a desktop assessment to identify priority areas 
for low-emission technology investment. Key studies will 
include underground ventilation on demand, cable tethered 
and battery electric vehicles. Each study will assess energy 
demand, charging infrastructure, equipment performance, 
and lifecycle emissions. Potential insights will guide our 
long-term	strategy 	for	fleet	 electrification	and	 energy	
use reduction.
We recognise the increased energy demand that will result 
from	potential	fleet	 electrification. 	As	part	of	our	strategy, 	
we are exploring the integration of battery energy storage 
systems (BESS) in our own operations. In parallel, we will 
work with Zenith Energy to expand renewable energy 
generation and storage capacity at the hybrid power station, 
with expansions to support our future energy demands 
under the overarching PPA. This approach will support load 
balancing, enhance grid stability, and help ensure that the 
additional	 electricity 	demand	from	fleet	 electrification	 does	
not lead to increased Scope 2 emissions.
Our approach will incorporate marginal abatement 
cost curve analysis to prioritise actions based on their 
environmental	benefit	and	 cost-effectiveness. 	New	
technologies will be introduced through controlled pilot 
programs, allowing for detailed performance evaluation, 
technical feasibility testing, and risk mitigation before 
wider site deployment. This structured, scalable approach 
helps ensure that every initiative meaningfully contributes 
to our emissions reduction targets. 
We	will	finalise 	our	decarbonisation	strategy 	in	FY26.
Operational greenhouse gas emissions
Location Metric Unit FY25 FY24
Kathleen ValleyTotal Scope 1 and 2 tCO2-e 45,039.33 43,497 .55
Scope 1 tCO2-e 35,822.02 41,605.88
Scope 2 tCO2-e 9,217.31 1,891.67
Perth	Head	OfficeTotal Scope 1 and 2 tCO2-e 59.09 49.83
Scope 1 tCO2-e 0.00 0.00
Scope 2 tCO2-e 59.09 49.83
For conversion factors, see the FY25 ESG Data Book.
Liontown Resources  | FY25 Annual Report | 41 40 | Liontown Resource  | FY25 Annual Report
FY25 Performance Operating review Sustainability Report Directors’ Report Financial Reports Resources & Reserves Additional Information