=== Page 2 ===
Table of Contents
www.LynasRareEarths.com
FY25 Key Figures and Highlights 1
Letter from our Board Chair & CEO 2
1. Our Sustainability Reporting 4
2. Our Operations 6
3. Principles of Governance 7
3.1 Governing purpose 7
3.2 Quality of governing body 8
3.3  Stakeholder engagement  
and material topics 8
4. Ethical Behaviour 10
4.1 Anti-corruption 10
4.2  Initiatives and stakeholder  
engagement to combat corruption 10
4.3  Protected ethics advice and  
reporting mechanisms 10
4.3.2 Reporting integrity concerns  11
5. Risk and Opportunity Oversight 12
5.1 Information security 12
5.2 Critical incident planning 13
5.3 Remuneration 14
5.4 Auditor independence 14
5.5 Public policy development 14
6. Caring for our People 15
6.1 Dignity and equality 15
6.2 Health and wellbeing 16
6.3 Skills for the future 187. Caring for our Planet 20
7.1 Climate change 20
7.2 Impact of GHG emissions 22
7.3 Land use and ecological sensitivity 22
7.4 Water 26
7.5 Air quality 27
7.6 Impact of solid waste disposal 27
8.  Caring for our Communities  
– Building Prosperity 30
8.1 Employment and wealth generation 30
8.2 Economic contribution 31
8.3  Innovation of better products  
and services 32
8.4 Community and social vitality 32
9. Performance Data Tables 37
Appendix 1: Stakeholder Engagement 43
Appendix 2: Navigation Index 45
Appendix 3: Memberships and Initiatives 51
Appendix 4: Scope 3 Evaluation Status 52
PHOTO
Cover : Lynas’ Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing 
Facility – photo by Kristy Bodycoat.

=== Page 9 ===
7
Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2025 Sustainability Report3. Principles of Governance
Care Achievement Diversity Expertise Sustainability
We care for and respect 
each other, our 
communities and the 
environment. We make 
sure we all go home safe 
and well.We are passionate about 
contributing to a 
sustainable future and 
green technologies.We are a multicultural 
company. We value and 
embrace diversity.We are driven to be the 
world’s best in Rare 
Earths and to earn the 
respect of our 
customers.We are resilient and 
committed. We 
overcome challenges to 
achieve our goals.
 •Health & safety is our #1 priority
 •Diverse and engaged workforce
 •Protecting human rights and preventing modern slavery
 •Meeting the challenges of climate change
 •Nurturing biodiversity
 •Conserving water and reducing emissions and waste
 •Making a positive contribution to our communities
 •Respecting the values and cultural heritage of our communities
 •Innovating for environmentally responsible technologies
 •Engaging with stakeholders
 •Being ethical and compliant
 •Managing risks
GOVERNANCE
COMMUNITIES
ENVIRONMENT
PEOPLE3.1 Governing purpose
Lynas aims to be the supplier of choice for our customers and a leader in sustainably produced rare earths. This 
vision lives through our people and the way we do business. Shared values and a culture which unlocks the poten-
tial of our people are fundamental to our success.
Our values
Our vision and values guide our approach to ESG. We live and work by our values every day.
Our ESG approach

=== Page 16 ===
14
www.LynasRareEarths.comRisk and Opportunity Oversight
5.3 Remuneration
Lynas’ remuneration objective is to ensure that shareholder value is maximised by the attraction and retention of 
talented people. The remuneration framework takes into account the unique skills of our people, the global nature 
of the rare earths business, the complexity of the critical minerals supply chain and priorities for our operations, 
customers and shareholders, including climate-related initiatives.
Executive remuneration consists of a fixed pay component and an ‘at risk’ or performance related component. This 
comprises a Short Term Incentive (STI) which supports the delivery of annual performance goals selected by the 
Board considering the budget and Lynas’ strategic initiatives and a Long Term Incentive (LTI) focused on long term 
performance goals which create sustained value for shareholders. The STI and LTI also include employees in roles 
that have considerable influence on outcomes associated with capital management, operational leadership and 
major capacity growth projects or have specialist expertise in strategic areas for Lynas.
Lynas also offers a company-wide employee profit-share scheme (excluding those eligible for STI/LTI) to provide all 
employees an opportunity to contribute to and benefit from the company’s success.
The Lynas Short Term Incentive (STI) rewards performance in core business drivers. In FY25, this included EBITDA, 
NdPr Production, NdPr Production Rate and NdPr Operating Costs, as well as key non-financial performance 
metrics that are of particular importance to shareholders, including Strategic Plan/Business Plan; Health, Safety 
and the Environment (HSE); Sustainability (including climate-related objectives); and People and Culture. Based on 
these outcomes, 40% of the STI will vest. 
The Long Term Incentive (LTI) recognises that capital projects are a substantial growth driver for the company. 
The LTI for the three year period from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 has two components which are designed to be 
aligned with the creation of sustainable long term shareholder value. The first of these components is Relative 
Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) assessed over a three year period, relative to other peer group companies. The 
second component is related to targets aligned with Lynas’ strategic growth objectives. Further details are available 
in the Remuneration Report of the 2025 Annual Report available on our website at https://lynasrareearths.com/
investors-media
5.4 Auditor independence
In Australia, Auditor independence is regulated under the Corporations Act 2001, Australian Auditing Standards 
issued by the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants 
(including Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board (APESB). 
Audit partner rotation occurs after a maximum of five years. The most recent rotation of Lynas’ audit partner was  
in 2023.
5.5 Public policy development
As the only commercial producer of separated Light and Heavy rare earths outside of China, Lynas is actively 
engaged with governments around the world and contributes our expertise to addressing critical minerals supply 
chain challenges. Governments outside China, including Australia, Japan, the United States and the European 
Union, are taking action to secure a diverse and resilient supply of rare earth materials for industry. 
Lynas Rare Earths is a member of the Western Australian Government’s Future Battery & Critical Minerals Industry 
taskforce and the European Raw Materials Alliance (ERMA). 
5.5.1 U.S. lobbying activities
2025 reports filed by lobbyists representing Lynas Rare Earths are available from the U.S. House of Representatives 
at: https://disclosurespreview.house.gov.
5.5.2 Industry associations
As a leader in the Australian critical minerals industry, Lynas is a member of key industry associations. Through these 
associations, we share and develop industry best practice and contribute to industry and policy discussion and debate.
Lynas’ major industry association memberships are with the Minerals Council of Australia (MCA) and the Chamber 
of Minerals & Energy of Western Australia (CME WA). Both the MCA and CME WA support the Paris Agreement and 
its goal of net zero emissions by 2050 and Lynas is committed to this goal.
Details of memberships of associations can be found in Appendix 3: Memberships and Initiatives.

=== Page 22 ===
20
www.LynasRareEarths.com7. Caring for our Planet
Lynas aims to minimise effects on the environments in which we operate and 
to minimise our lasting footprint. As a large energy user, whilst also being 
a producer of technologies that are essential to a low carbon economy, we 
understand we have a role to play by actively reducing our Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) emissions and efficiently using both energy and water at our sites.
The Lynas Environmental Policy outlines our commitment to care for and minimise our effects on the environ-
ments in which we operate. The Lynas Malaysia and Mt Weld operating sites are accredited to the ISO 14001:2015 
International Standard for Environmental Management Systems.
Lynas has never been involved in an incident resulting in harm to public health or the environment, reflecting the 
strength of our processes and policies.
7.1 Climate change
Key climate-related areas of focus in FY25 included:
 •Construction of new 65MW Mt Weld hybrid power station and progressive commissioning of gas and solar
 •Commissioning of Lynas Malaysia solar array
 •Climate Transition Working Group identification of GHG emissions reduction opportunities, in line with Lynas’ 
Climate Change Policy
 •New whole of company GHG data management system to enhance data consistency
 •Pre-assurance assessment of climate-related disclosures in preparation for FY26 mandatory reporting
Lynas’ FY25 climate-related financial disclosures are available in the FY25 Annual Report available at  
https://LynasRareEarths.com/investors-media
The Lynas Rare Earths Climate Change Policy outlines the Company’s approach to the challenges of climate 
change and includes the Company’s commitment to target Net Zero emissions by 2050. It is available at:  
https://lynasrareearths.com/about-us/corporate-governance
OUR FY25  
ACHIEVEMENT
Preparation for new 
Australian mandatory 
climate reporting 
requirements: 
 •New GHG data 
management system 
implemented
 •FY25 climate disclosures 
voluntarily guided by core 
content areas of AASB S2 OUR FY26  
GOAL
Complete work towards  
first company-wide  
Climate Transition Plan 
including site based GHG 
reduction target for Lynas 
MalaysiaLife Cycle Assessment (LCA) of GHG emissions is part of 
capital expenditure assessments. Lynas also undertakes 
LCAs as part of the sustainable management of the 
product life cycle. In FY22, an independent validation 
of the Lynas LCA methodology was undertaken by an 
independent third party. This found the LCA conforms 
with ISO standards 14040 and 14044.
Energy use
Lynas remains focused on reducing energy use and 
GHG emissions in our operations. Our climate strategy 
includes reducing reliance on fossil fuels by investing in 
clean energy solutions as well as process and product 
innovation.

=== Page 23 ===
21
Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2025 Sustainability ReportLynas has established a multi-disciplinary Climate Transition Working Group to share knowledge and initiatives 
across sites.
In FY25, excellent progress was made on the 65MW Mt Weld hybrid renewable power station by Lynas’ Power 
Purchase Agreement (PPA) partner, Zenith Energy. The gas and solar components of the power station were 
constructed and gas was commissioned. In the September 2025 quarter, solar was commissioned and the four 
wind turbines have been constructed and are being progressively commissioned..
In 2025, Lynas Malaysia commissioned its 0.75MW rooftop solar array, Malaysian Renewable Energy Certificates 
equivalent to 60,000Mwh were purchased, and training was provided to Lynas Malaysia team members on energy 
conservation and climate action.
Our performance
For energy consumption data by site, please refer to Section 9 Performance Data Tables.
Mt Weld energy use
Lynas’ Mt Weld operation generates electricity on site to meet all site needs. Diesel and gas (LNG) were used for 
energy generation in FY25 and diesel was also used for vehicles and stationary equipment. Energy consumption  
at Mt Weld increased in FY25 compared to FY24, primarily due to the commencement of 24-hour mining as  
well as major construction projects underway on site as part of the Mt Weld Expansion project which is now  
largely complete.
As noted in Case Study 3, the transition from a diesel power station to the Mt Weld hybrid renewable power station is 
underway and is expected to reduce GHG emissions intensity. Gas and solar assets were constructed in FY25 and the 
65MW hybrid power station is targeted to be fully operational in FY26.
Kalgoorlie energy use
After commencing production in the June quarter of 2024, the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility was in the 
ramp up phase during FY25.
During the year, gas (liquified petroleum gas (LPG)) and electricity were used on site, with electricity supplied by the 
South-West Interconnected System (SWIS) transmission network. According to publicly available sources, the SWIS 
electricity grid connected to Kalgoorlie generated approximately 39% of electricity from renewable sources in FY254.
The completion of construction and transition to operations resulted in a change to the energy mix in FY25.  
This included a significant decrease in heavy vehicle diesel use and an increase in gas (LPG) use as kiln utilisation 
increased.
Following continued grid outages in FY25, Lynas is assessing reliable electricity options for the Kalgoorlie Facility.
4 Source: wa.gov.au
Lynas Malaysia 0.75MW rooftop solar array