=== Page 91 ===
Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility Report
For the year ended 30 June 2025
Future Generation Women
MFG also supports Future Generation Women, an investment fund advancing economic equality for women and their children in 
Australia. Two of MFG’s Portfolio Managers, Emma Fisher and Nikki Thomas, provide pro-bono portfolio management for Future 
Generation Women, which in turn donates an amount equal to 1% of the Fund’s average monthly net assets to non-profits  advancing 
economic equality and security for women and their children in Australia.
Hearts & Minds Investments
Magellan Global Equities acts as a Core Fund Manager for Hearts & Minds Investments Limited (“HM1”), an ASX-listed  investment 
company. As part of this role, we provide HM1 with our top three security recommendations each quarter. Rather than charging 
investment  fees,  HM1  donates  an amount  equal  to 1.5%  of its net assets  annually  to selected  charities.  This  year  MFG  hosted  one of the 
Hearts  & Minds  Investments’  charity  partners,  St Vincent’s  Clinic  Research  Foundation,  where  our teams  were  able  to learn  more  about 
the meaningful diabetes research that has been part-funded through a grant from this initiative.
Other community initiatives
Other charities supported during FY25 include Steptember ,raising funds for early detection and therapy for babies with cerebral 
palsy;  Dress  for Success , helping  unemployed  and underemployed  women  achieve  economic  independence;  and Australia’s  Biggest 
Morning Tea , raising funds for Australians impacted by cancer.
Modern Slavery
MFG's Modern Slavery Statement can be found on MFG's website. All staff  complete annual training on modern slavery.
The investment  team  continue  to enhance  the assessment  of modern  slavery  for the portfolio  companies  through  training  with  experts, 
company engagement, integration of external data on industry and country risk together with company specific  controversies from 
external data providers. This is reported in the Modern Slavery statement.
Climate risk
This year MFG released an update to our Climate Report, which is published alongside our Annual Report. The report is aligned to the 
pillars of the IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)  and provides an 
important  baseline  as we prepare  for mandatory  reporting  in accordance  with  the Australian  Sustainability  Reporting  Standards  (ASRS)  
made by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).
The Climate Report details our ongoing commitment to managing the impacts of climate change and outlines our management 
strategies  for climate-related  risks  and opportunities  in both  our corporate  operations  and in our investment  activity.  We remain  focused 
on assessing climate risk within our portfolios and monitoring the progress and credibility of our portfolio companies’ climate strategy 
and targets. This forms part of our commitment to net zero, guided by the Net Zero Investment Framework (NZIF)  within the MFG 
investment process.
The Climate Report, which can be found on our website, includes MFG’s annual reporting on corporate Greenhouse Gas (GHG)  
emissions as well as the carbon footprint of our portfolios.
Responsible investment
MFG  is committed  to responsible  investment  across  our internally  managed  investment  strategies,  which  include  the Magellan  Global 
Equities, Magellan Global Listed Infrastructure and Airlie Australian Equities strategies, and supporting asset owner clients in the 
implementation of their own sustainable investment objectives. Our philosophy is to focus on financial  materiality of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG)  factors over the long term, considering both risks and opportunities that may influence  cash flows  and 
valuations of our investments within our investment time horizon. Our approach is guided by our suite of ESG policies which are 
available on our website. 
We believe that successful investing is about identifying quality companies and investing for the long term. As long-term owners we 
look for unique attributes in our companies that enable them to protect and grow earnings into the future. This includes material ESG 
factors  that  may  impact  the sustainability  of future  cash  flows.  As a result,  we integrate  ESG  factors  into our investment  process,  exercise 
our proxy voting rights and engage with portfolio companies on a broad range of issues to manage risk for our investors and identify 
opportunities.  MFG's  integrated  ESG  team  within  the investment  team  allows  us to undertake  deep  analysis  and prioritise  engagement 
with companies on ESG factors that we identify as material to future cash flows.  In addition, our Magellan Global Equities and 
Magellan Global Listed Infrastructure strategies (“Magellan branded strategies”) continue to implement their ESG scoring framework 
and stewardship strategy. 
MFG continue to invest in our ESG capability through resourcing, training and technology. We have dedicated ESG resources in our 
investment team which allows for continued enhancement in our processes and integration into investment decision making.  
Magellan Financial Group Ltd | Annual Report 2025 Page 89For personal use only

=== Page 93 ===
Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility Report
For the year ended 30 June 2025
Proxy voting
At the Annual  and Extraordinary  General  Meetings  of portfolio  companies  in our internally  managed  investment  strategies,  as specified 
in our Proxy Voting Policies, we vote on all proxy resolutions for investments that we directly hold on behalf of our investors and have 
authority, other than in the exceptional circumstance.
For the Magellan  branded  strategies,  we have  a principles-based  proprietary  proxy  voting  policy  that  requires  us to vote  our investment 
securities in a timely manner and make voting decisions that are intended to maximise long-term investor value. The proxy voting 
process and implementation is conducted in line with our Proxy Voting Policy with consideration for our disclosed Voting  Principles .
Airlie recognises corporate governance is an important part of share ownership and that Airlie has a responsibility to act with the best 
interests  of clients  in mind.  One  way  Airlie  represents  its clients  in matters  of corporate  governance  is through  the proxy  voting  process.
Stewardship reports for internally managed investment strategies include a more detailed analysis of voting and engagement and are 
available on our website.
Industry participation and recognition
MFG  is a signatory  to several  industry  initiatives  and associations  that  support  our commitment  to responsible  investment,  stakeholders’ 
transparency and ability to elevate key company and industry issues such as human rights, climate change and nature.
In the last year we
• received improved RIAA recognition as a Responsible Leader
• achieved uplift in our CDP score to ‘B’, based on our most recent submission
• were an active member of the RIAA Human Rights Working Group, which informs and enhances the assessment of human rights, 
including modern slavery, across our internally managed investment strategies
• participated  in RIAA’s  Nature  Working  Group,  which  has strengthened  our assessment  of nature  related  dependencies  and impacts 
across high impact sectors and reinforces our priorities to further develop our nature and climate frameworks
• contributed to additional industry roundtables and working groups, providing feedback to peers, regulators and other key 
stakeholders on the mandatory reporting requirements related to financed  emissions for asset managers
• remained a signatory to the Net Zero Investment Framework, which guides the implementation of our Climate 
Stewardship Strategy
• maintained our membership of the World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)  through the Collective Impact Coalition for Ethical 
Artificial  Intelligence
By contributing to these industry initiatives, our company and industry research is enhanced, our clients benefit  from broader 
stakeholder perspectives, and our voice is made louder by joining with others that have similar long-term objectives.
We continue to enhance our ESG integration, stewardship, and client communication, which was recognised by the Principles for 
Responsible Investment (PRI)  in our 2023  assessment .
Magellan Financial Group Ltd | Annual Report 2025 Page 91For personal use only