=== Page 26 ===
ENVIRONMENT 
AND CLIMATE 
Our Environmental Management Framework ensures environmental obligations and risks across our operations 
are identified, managed and monitored, and adverse environmental impacts are minimised. It provides for, where 
feasible, improving the energy efficiency of operations, using alternative fuels, diverting waste from landfill to 
beneficial uses, increasing water use efficiency, the responsible sourcing of products, and progressive rehabilitation 
and responsible use of buffer land.  
The Group recognises the potential financial, physical, transitional, and reputational risks and opportunities 
posed to the business and the broader sector due to climate change. Climate risk is incorporated into our risk 
management frameworks. Managing and responding to climate related risk and opportunities supports our 
strategy for long term success and delivers value creation to our investors.  
Maas supports the national decarbonisation agenda, along with transparency and accountability in its 
environmental practices. The Group will make climate related financial disclosures in our FY26 report and is 
currently assessing its targets and ambitions for future years which align with viable decarbonisation pathways.  
In FY25, the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions data is reported below. Maas remains committed to minimising environmental and climate related impacts,  
fostering responsible practices across its operations. 
Total
41,777t 
Co2-e*Total
5,237t 
Co2-e*
* Greenhouse gas emissions data was calculated using data from the Group’s internal finance systems. We are currently implementing 
a comprehensive environmental data collection system to more accurately and completely report our energy and emissions data. 
This will also facilitate the assurance of our data. For FY25, we have included diesel fuel that was used by our customers in our scope 1 
emissions. During FY26, we will work with our stakeholders to allocate customer use to the relevant scope 3 category. Civil Construction and Hire Civil Construction and Hire 38% 4%
57% 77%
1% 1%
2% 13%
2% 5%Less than 1% Less than 1%Construction Materials Construction Materials 
Commercial Real Estate Commercial Real Estate 
Residential Real Estate Residential Real Estate 
Manufacturing Manufacturing 
Corporate Corporate Scope 1 Scope 2
Maas Group Holdings (ASX: MGH)
Annual Report 202526For personal use only

=== Page 28 ===
GOVERNANCE 
The board is responsible for overseeing sustainability 
matters and sustainability performance, and approving 
the Company’s sustainability strategy, including 
climate targets. The board is currently assessing 
its emissions targets to reflect a challenging yet 
achievable decarbonisation rate in the industries in 
which it operates. It considers sustainability criteria in 
its planning, risk management, and capital investment 
decisions. Sustainability matters are included in the 
Board’s skill matrix as required competencies and the 
Company provides opportunities for continued learning 
on material environmental, social, and governance 
matters impacting the Company. 
The board is supported by the Audit and Risk Committee, 
Health, Safety, Environment and Sustainability 
Committee and the People and Culture Committee. 
Each Committee assists the board to enable Maas to 
operate safely, ethically, responsibly and sustainably in 
the communities in which it operates. Further detail on 
the roles and responsibilities of each Committee can 
be found on the Company’s Investor Centre and in the 
Company’s Corporate Governance Statement: Investor 
Centre - Maas Group Holdings. 
The CEO, supported by the Executive Leadership Team, 
is responsible for implementing the sustainability 
strategy, and managing and reporting material 
sustainability risks and opportunities. All business 
units have a role to play in sustainability related Our commitment to sustainability and a sustainable future is supported by a strong 
governance framework.  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
BUSINESS UNITSEXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAMAUDIT & RISK 
COMMITTEEHSES COMMITTEEPEOPLE  
& CULTURE COMMITTEERELATED  
PARTY COMMITTEE
Reporting Oversight and Advice
performance. Experienced personnel in each business 
unit assist management in delivering the Company’s 
sustainability strategy and initiatives, and monitoring 
sustainability compliance across the business.   
Maas complies with regulatory requirements in 
jurisdictions that apply to our activities. We will be 
ready to include climate related disclosures in our 2026 
Annual Report in accordance with the new standards. 
Maas has adopted the ASX Corporate Governance 
Principles and Recommendations (4th edition) (“ASX 
Recommendations”) to the extent appropriate for the 
size, nature and maturity of the Group’s operations. 
Maas has prepared a statement that sets out the 
corporate governance practices that were in operation 
during the year and have identified any of the ASX 
Recommendations which have not been followed and, 
where appropriate, provides reasons for not following 
the ASX Recommendations.  
The Group’s Corporate Governance Statement and 
policies are available in the Investor Centre on our 
website: Investor Centre - Maas Group Holdings.
Maas Group Holdings (ASX: MGH)
Annual Report 2025
28
For personal use only