=== Table 1 (page 4) ===
,"This year, we refreshed our customer research and were"
EXECUTIVE COMMENTARY,
,heartened to see an 8% increase in support for our
,sustainability efforts. Our customers recognise the impact
"AT THE MICHAEL HILL GROUP,",
,"we’re making - whether it’s empowering women, reducing"
SUSTAINABILITY IS NOT JUST A,our carbon footprint or giving back to our communities.
,
COMMITMENT - IT’S A CORE PART OF,Their engagement validates our strategy and inspires us to
,keep pushing forward.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE OPERATE.,
,
THIS YEAR’S ESG REPORT REFLECTS THE,I am proud of the progress we’ve made this year and the
,passion our team brings to this work. From achieving a
EVOLUTION OF OUR APPROACH AND,
,79% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions to planting
THE IMPORTANCE OF TRANSPARENCY IN,
,"over 124,000 trees through the Michael Hill Foundation,"
EVERYTHING WE DO.,our actions have demonstrated that our brands and our
,products are deeply connected to our people and planet.
You’ll notice a change in the name of this report. As we,
,Thank you for joining us on this journey.
prepare for Australia’s first mandatory climate reporting,

=== Table 2 (page 20) ===
PERFORMANCE SNAPSHOT,
•,79% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions across
,the Group compared to last financial year
•,Achieved a 5-star energy rating for our Global
,Support Centre base building
•,Generated 131mWh through our Global Support
,Centre’s rooftop solar system

=== Table 3 (page 21) ===
AUSTRALIAN RENEWABLES,CANADIAN RENEWABLES
"To achieve our goal in Australia, we voluntarily purchase","This year, we developed plans to purchase renewable"
GreenPower and surrender renewable energy generation,energy for our Canadian store network. We identified a
certificates (LGCs) to match our electricity use above,renewable energy certificate (REC) provider in Canada and
Australia’s Renewable Power Percentage (RPP). The RPP is,intend to purchase Ecologo certified RECs that meet strict
the portion of electricity that the Clean Energy Regulator,environmental standards to match our electricity usage to
(CER) requires to be from renewable sources under the,reach our net zero goal.
Renewable Energy Target. The RPP was 18.48% for 2024,
"and 17.91% for 2025. This ensures that, in addition to",Offset
"the national renewable baseline, we are supporting extra",
,While our Replace initiatives address electricity-related
renewable energy generation in Australia.,
,"emissions, some operational emissions remain. These"
GreenPower is a government-accredited product designed,represent a small portion of our total footprint and will
to support renewable energy generation. LGCs are created,be offset through certified carbon credits aligned with
through projects such as wind and solar farms and are,our nature restoration goals.
surrendered on our behalf to the CER.,
,"We plan to procure these offsets in January 2026,"
NEW ZEALAND RENEWABLES,once our 2025 consumption data is reconciled.
"To achieve our goal in New Zealand, we voluntarily purchase",
,"Reduce, Replace Offset in action"
and redeem New Zealand Energy Certificates (NZ-ECs) via,
the New Zealand Energy Certificate System. These NZ-ECs,"This year, the base building of our Global Support"
"are equivalent to 100% of our electricity use, ensuring",Centre achieved a 5-star Energy rating and 4.5-star
that our consumption is matched with certified renewable,Water rating from National Australian Built Environment
"energy generated in New Zealand. This year, our purchases",Rating System (NABERS).
directly supported renewables at a wind farm in the South,
,The combination of our onsite renewable electricity
Island and a solar farm in the North Island.,
,"generation, purchase of renewable electricity products"
These products mean the amount of electricity used from,and rainwater tanks enabled us to retain these NABERS
the grid in Australia and New Zealand is matched with,scores for the 2024/25 period.
electricity produced from certified renewable sources.,
This allows the Group to report our market-based scope,
"2 electricity emissions as zero, using the market-based",
methodology as per the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance.,

=== Table 4 (page 22) ===
,,TOTAL CARBON EMISSIONS,
OUR EMISSIONS PROFILE,,,
,,(tCO 2e) SCOPE 1 AND 2 (1),
Our emissions identification and calculations are in,,,
,"2,500",,
"accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol,",,"2,217",
as required by the Australian Sustainability Reporting,,,
,"2,000",,
Standards (ASRS).,,,
,,,"1,466"
,"1,500",,
We have used the operational control approach to,,,
determine the organisational boundary for the Group’s,,,
,"1,000",,
emissions inventory. All sites and assets under our,,,
direct operational control are included within our,,,
,500,,
reporting boundary.,,,

=== Table 5 (page 22) ===
,,,,"This year, our emissions inventory includes:"
TOTAL CARBON,,,,
,2023,2024,2025,
EMISSIONS (tCO2e),,,,Scope 1: Direct emissions from refrigerants used
,,,,in air conditioning units and fridges and gas used in
Scope 1,0,17,26,
,,,,manufacturing and repairs facilities.
Scope 2,,,,
,,,,Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased electricity
Location-based,"2,356","2,261","2,390",
,,,,"and heating, calculated using both location-based and"
Market-based,"2,217","1,449",281,market-based methodologies. Our total location-based
,,,,emissions have increased 6% on last year due to a higher
Total Scope 1 and 2,,,,
,"2,356","2,278","2,416",electricity usage mix in Australia over the past year (with
(location-based),,,,
,,,,a higher average grid emissions intensity) compared
Total Scope 1 and 2,,,,
,"2,217","1,466",307,with New Zealand and Canada.
(market-based),,,,

=== Table 6 (page 23) ===
“ We are delighted to have achieved a 79% reduction in our
scope 1 and 2 emissions across the Group this year - a
tremendous milestone on our journey to net zero. Through
dedicated efforts and investment in green energy across our
"operations in Australia and New Zealand, we are making tangible"
progress towards our 2025 goal. I am proud of what our team
has accomplished and we remain committed to leading positive
change for the Group and our planet.”
Andrew Lowe
"Interim CEO, Chief Financial and Supply Chain Officer"

=== Table 7 (page 23) ===
"Interim CEO, Chief Financial and Supply Chain Officer",
Scope 3,
,BEYOND 2025
Scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions from our value,We are on track to achieve our net zero carbon operations
chain. They occur outside of the Group’s organisational,(scope 1 and 2) goal by the end of the calendar year.
"boundary but as a result of our actions. This year, we",We will publish an updated Zero Carbon Emissions goal
conducted an initial assessment of the scope 3 emissions,in early 2026.
categories most relevant to the Group through a review of,
"our value chain. The preliminary assessment, supported",Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards
"by industry benchmarking analysis, identified the specific",
,"This year, we have taken steps to ensure the Group’s"
upstream and downstream activities where our indirect,
,successful transition under the ASRS.
emissions are likely to be most significant. We expect,
purchased goods and services (category 1) and upstream,We have developed a climate reporting roadmap and
transportation and distribution (category 4) to comprise,remain on track to meet our reporting obligations for
most of our scope 3 emissions inventory.,FY26. We have identified key climate-related risks and
,"opportunities, integrated climate risk into our broader"
"Additional relevant categories include capital goods,",
,"risk management processes, confirmed climate scenarios"
fuel- and energy-related activities not included in scope 1,
,and started scenario analysis.
"or 2, waste generated in operations, business travel and",
employee commuting. This initial identification provides the,
"foundation for more detailed analysis, quantification and",
proactive supplier engagement over the coming year.,