=== Page 9 ===
ABOUT THIS REPORT   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   7
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE CHAIR LETTER
“ON BEHALF OF THE  
BOARD AND SUSTAINABILITY  
COMMITTEE, I AM PLEASED 
TO PRESENT MINRES’  
SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT FOR THE 2025 
FINANCIAL YEAR.”
It is a privilege to have joined MinRes and to serve as 
Chair of the Sustainability Committee. I recognise 
the challenges our business and the broader 
resources industry has faced over the past year and, 
with this in mind, I reaffirm our commitment to 
operating ethically and sustainably. 
As a proud Western Australian company, we recognise 
the unique landscapes and communities in which we 
operate. By communicating our performance 
transparently, we hold ourselves accountable while 
continually seeking ways to improve and reduce our 
impact on the environment and communities that host us.
This year, we realigned our approach to the way we do 
business with a refreshed set of values and a clear 
vision. Together, we’re focused on behaviours that 
grow our culture and shape positive relationships 
between our employees, shareholders, clients and 
partners. We’re committed to realising our vision of 
being a global leader in innovative resource project 
design, delivery and operation by embodying our 
values of care, unity, agility, integrity and courage. 
We continue to consider our people instrumental to 
our success. Despite a reduction in our overall 
workforce due to changing market conditions and 
sites entering care and maintenance, we continue to 
implement initiatives to support our people and 
improve health, wellbeing and safety.
This year, we were proud to open our Early Learning 
Centre next door to our head office, providing 
increased flexibility and support for employees. We 
further embedded our digital SafeDay tool to monitor 
and verify critical risks and controls in real time. Our 
on-site medical centre and Mind Matters team 
continue to provide ease, flexibility and support for 
our people. 
Operationally, one of our most significant achievements 
this year was the successful ramp-up of our Onslow 
Iron project which in August operated at an 
annualised run rate of 35Mtpa.Our connection to the communities where we operate 
is central to our business. This year, we invested 
$6 million in Western Australian communities in 
partnership with local organisations. We identified 
opportunities to further embed the organisations we 
partner with into our business, including by expanding 
the eligibility criteria of our NextGen Scholarship 
program to Clontarf Foundation and Shooting  
Stars alumni. 
We are particularly proud of our work with Traditional 
Owners. In FY25, we engaged 51 active Aboriginal 
suppliers, with a total spend of $73.5 million. We also 
formed two joint ventures with Traditional Owner 
entities to advance Aboriginal economic 
development, creating sustainable pathways for 
participation and growth.
Regarding our emissions reduction targets, while our 
gross emissions rose marginally in FY25 due to 
increased production, our underlying emissions 
intensity of production has decreased, through a 
combination of operational and efficiency factors. This 
year, we achieved a 23 per cent reduction in our 
Scope 1 and 2 mining emissions intensity, relative to 
our FY24 baseline. To further support our ambitions, we 
launched our Decarbonisation Fund which is designed 
to encourage and support low-carbon projects across 
our operations.
As we look ahead, we remain committed to working 
with integrity, transparency and innovation to ensure 
MinRes continues to deliver value for our people, 
communities and shareholders while protecting the 
environment.
Lawrie Tremaine 
Sustainability Committee ChairLawrie Tremaine  |  Sustainability Committee Chair

=== Page 13 ===
ABOUT THIS REPORT   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   11MATERIAL TOPIC TARGET PERFORMANCE
Climate change 
ambitionsNet zero operational emissions  
by 2050.Launch of Decarbonisation Fund to 
incentivise low-carbon projects.
45 per cent reduction in Scope 1 
and 2 mining emissions intensity by 
FY35 relative to our FY24 baseline.1Ambition on track with 23 per cent 
reduction 2 in Scope 1 and 2 mining 
emissions intensity relative to our  
FY24 baseline. 
Environmental 
stewardship≥ 80 per cent compliance with site 
environmental key performance 
indicators (KPIs).3Target met with 88 per cent 
compliance with site environmental 
KPIs.
No biodiversity impacts that 
increase extinction risk.No direct or indirect impacts to 
biodiversity resulting in any species  
or ecological community being listed 
in a higher category of threat. 
WaterImplement Water Management 
Plans (WMPs) at all operational sites.Implementation of WMPs has been 
deferred due to a refocus and pivot 
on developing a Water Strategy.
Waste and air 
qualityAlignment of tailings storage facility 
design, construction and operation 
to the leading practice Australian 
National Committee on Large Dams 
(ANCOLD) guidelines.Assessed tailings storage facilities 4 
were found to generally align with the 
intent and principles set out in the 
ANCOLD guidelines 5. 
ENVIRONMENT
Target met On track for long-term target Target not met
1 On a kg CO2-e emitted per tonne of product shipped basis. 
2 Refer to page  135 in the Climate Change section, where the drivers of the change are explained in detail.
3 Site environmental KPIs include number of completed inspections, compliance monitoring, compliance reporting and condition compliance
 assignment. 
4 TSFs not assessed include, Koolyanobbing C-Pit, Bald Hill Boreline Pit and Boreline Pit Extended, Coobina TSF1 and Wodgina TSFs 1, 2 and 3.
5  These guidelines are not mandatory standards, but rather provide a professional framework to support safe and responsible dam management 
through sound judgement and ongoing improvement.

=== Page 29 ===
OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   27
OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 
ZERO
High Impact 
Environmental  
Incidents.2
Year-on-year
increase in female representation in 
operational leader positions.6≥95%
new suppliers screened using social 
criteria.4
WATER  
COMPLETE
a gap assessment against the 
ICMM Water Stewardship Position 
Statement and corresponding 
guidance.
45%  
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 mining 
emissions intensity by FY45 relative 
to our FY24 baseline.9
ZERO
incidents of bribery 
and corruption.
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 
≥90%  
employee completion rate of our 
Business Code of Conduct and 
Integrity training.3
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
≥80%  
compliance with site  
environmental KPIs.7
WASTE AND AIR QUALITY
IMPLEMENT   
tailings management operations, 
maintenance and surveillance 
manuals at all operational sites.≤4
annual Total Recordable Injury  
Frequency Rate.
Year-on-year
increase in female participation 
across our workforce.   100%
of critical risk inspections completed 
against all combined business unit 
targets.5
Year-on-year
increase in Aboriginal and Torres 
Strait Islander participation across  
our workforce.ATTRACTING AND RETAINING 
TALENT 
Year-on-year
improvement in voluntary  
turnover rate.≥90%  
employee completion rate of our 
Safe and Respectful Behaviours 
training.3
NO  
biodiversity impacts that increase 
extinction risk.8
CLIMATE CHANGE AMBITIONS 
NET ZERO   
operational emissions by 2050.
 RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN
SAFETY, HEALTH AND WELLBEING
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
ZERO
heritage incidents 
leading to 
prosecution.ZERO
fatalities and total 
permanent disabling 
injuries/illnesses.OUR FY26 TARGETS
Board approved sustainability performance targets have been set to address a number of our material 
sustainability topics and form the basis of our FY26 sustainability roadmap. To develop these targets, we 
considered our material sustainability opportunities, risks and global challenges with a key focus on continuous 
improvement and ensuring meaningful outcomes for all stakeholders. In FY26, MinRes will target the following:
ZERO
major social 
incidents.1
1  Major social incidents are incidents or events that have an actual major adverse community impact that affects long-term business continuity and 
triggers a ‘stop work order’, attracts significant or prolonged negative national media, or results in the revocation of the licence to operate.
2  High Impact Environmental Incidents (HIEI) are incidents that have an actual environmental consequence of high or major. These events have an  
 adverse impact on fauna/flora, habitat, soil, aquatic and land ecosystems, atmosphere or water resources lasting typically multiple years  
 (Level 4 and above).
3  Employee completion rate excludes casual employees, interns, non-executive directors, employees on workers compensation and employees on  
 long term leave, including parental leave.
4   Suppliers are screened by a third party platform against several social criteria to determine potential exposure to criminal activities and sanctions, 
money laundering, politically exposed persons, human rights abuses and modern slavery incidents.
5  Business units include Asset Management, Construction, Crushing and Processing, Mining Iron Ore, Mining Lithium, Mineral Resources Transport  
 and Project Services.
6  Site-based leader positions include supervisor, superintendent, manager and general manager. 
7  Site environment KPIs include the completion of scheduled environmental inspections and timely completion of compliance monitoring and reporting.
8  No direct or indirect impacts to biodiversity resulting in any species or ecological community being listed in a higher category of threat. 
9  On a kgCO2e emitted per tonne of product shipped basis.

=== Page 117 ===
ABOUT THIS REPORT   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   115
CLIMATE CHANGE
HIGHLIGHTS
•  Generated 7,732 megawatt (MW) hours of 
renewable energy, up 120 per cent from FY24.
•  Constructed a 3.8 MW solar system at Ken’s 
Bore to complement our gas-fired power 
generation.
•  23 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
mining emissions intensity relative to our  
FY24 baseline.1AMBITIONS
• Net zero operational emissions by 2050.
•  45 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
mining emissions intensity by FY35 relative 
to our FY24 baseline, on a kilogram of  
carbon dioxide equivalent (kgCO2e) emitted 
per tonne of product shipped basis.Understanding and managing our climate related risks and opportunities, including reducing our 
emissions, supporting decarbonisation and increasing the resilience of our assets and operations to 
climate change.  
ENVIRONMENT   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT   I   115
1  Refer to page  135 in the Climate Change section, where the drivers of the change are explained in detail.GRI Indicators 
3-3 | 201-2 | 302-1 | 305-1 | 305-2 | 305-4
SDG Targets 
7.2 | 13.2
SASB Index 
EM-MM-110a.1 | EM-MM-110a.2 | EM-MM-120a.1 | EM-MM-130a.1

=== Page 118 ===
116   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTCLIMATE CHANGE
116   I   MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTOUR MANAGEMENT APPROACH
MinRes supports the objectives of the Paris Climate 
Agreement and acknowledges the importance of 
meeting these targets by understanding how climate 
change may affect our operations, customers and the 
communities in which we operate. Our approach to 
climate change and reporting is guided by 
international principles, established frameworks, best 
practice and regulatory compliance requirements.
MinRes recognises the importance of taking action to 
reduce our carbon footprint and managing our impact 
on the natural environment. Our strategy is to adopt a 
practical and project-driven approach to 
decarbonisation with a focus on driving measurable 
emissions reduction through a disciplined, 
incremental and balanced approach. 
Our FY25 disclosure is informed by the principles of 
the Task Force on Climate Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), as well as the Australian 
Accounting Standards Board (AASB) S2 Climate-
related Disclosures and related legislations such as 
the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 
2007 (NGER Act). Additionally, we draw on the GRI 
and SASB Standards in our reporting framework.   
CLIMATE GOVERNANCE 
BOARD AND COMMITTEE  
Our Board has ultimate responsibility for strategic 
oversight of the company, risk assessment,  
management and sustainability. Climate-related risks 
and opportunities are considered by the Board in 
relation to performing each of these responsibilities. 
The Board delegates oversight of climate-related 
management including risk assessment and 
mitigation, opportunity identification, policy and 
regulatory compliance and carbon management to 
various committees. These responsibilities are 
reflected in the charter for each committee.
The Sustainability Committee assists the Board 
with overseeing sustainability topics, including 
climate-related matters. This committee is responsible 
for the following climate-related matters:
• Climate strategy, performance and reporting.
• Climate-related policies, procedures and systems.
•  The identification, management and reporting of 
climate related risks and opportunities (excluding 
any financial reporting considerations which are 
the responsibility of the Audit and Risk 
Committee).
•  Assisting the Audit and Risk Committee with 
managing risk associated with the company’s 
climate-related risks.
•  Approving internal and external assurance 
programs for climate-related information.•  Reviewing and recommending to the Board for 
approval, climate-related targets and monitoring 
progress towards those targets.
The Sustainability Committee meets at least four 
times per financial year and reports to the Board after 
each committee meeting to provide 
recommendations.    
The Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board  
with overseeing risk management in relation to 
climate-related matters. This committee is responsible 
for the following climate-related matters:
•  Overseeing management’s design and 
implementation of internal controls, including in 
relation to the integrity of climate related financial 
reporting.
• Assisting the Board with reviewing climate-related  
 financial risks.
•  Overseeing the design and implementation of 
MinRes’ Risk Management Framework, including 
in relation to climate-related risks.
•  The identification, management and reporting of 
financial climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Audit and Risk Committee meets at least four 
times per financial year. The Chief Financial Officer 
attends each Audit and Risk Committee meeting and 
management provides an update on the company’s 
risk register, including climate-related risks, controls 
and mitigating actions. 
The Nomination Committee assists the Board with 
overseeing the overall skill level and expertise of the 
Board. This committee is responsible for the following 
climate-related matters:
•  Reviewing and recommending to the Board for 
approval, a Board skills matrix setting out the mix 
of skills, competencies, experience, expertise and 
diversity the Board has, and is looking to achieve 
in its membership.
•  Reviewing any continuing education for existing 
directors to maintain the skills, competencies, 
knowledge and experience needed to perform 
their roles effectively, including in relation to 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Nomination Committee meets at least twice per 
financial year and reports to the Board after each 
committee meeting to provide recommendations.