=== Table 1 (page 13) ===
MATERIAL TOPIC,TARGET,PERFORMANCE
,Net zero operational emissions,Launch of Decarbonisation Fund to
,by 2050.,incentivise low-carbon projects.
Climate change,,
ambitions,,
,45 per cent reduction in Scope 1,Ambition on track with 23 per cent
,and 2 mining emissions intensity by,reduction 2 in Scope 1 and 2 mining
,FY35 relative to our FY24 baseline.1,emissions intensity relative to our
,,FY24 baseline.
,≥ 80 per cent compliance with site,Target met with 88 per cent
,environmental key performance,compliance with site environmental
,indicators (KPIs).3,KPIs.
Environmental,,
stewardship,,No direct or indirect impacts to
,No biodiversity impacts that,biodiversity resulting in any species
,increase extinction risk.,or ecological community being listed
,,in a higher category of threat.
,,Implementation of WMPs has been
,Implement Water Management,
,,deferred due to a refocus and pivot
Water,,
,Plans (WMPs) at all operational sites.,
,,on developing a Water Strategy.
,Alignment of tailings storage facility,
,,Assessed tailings storage facilities 4
,"design, construction and operation",
,,were found to generally align with the
Waste and air,,
,to the leading practice Australian,
,,intent and principles set out in the
quality,,
,National Committee on Large Dams,
,,ANCOLD guidelines 5.
,(ANCOLD) guidelines.,

=== Table 2 (page 29) ===
ZERO,"ZERO
ZERO
ZERO"
,"incidents of bribery 
fatalities and total 
major social 
heritage incidents 
ZERO"
,High Impact
and corruption.,"permanent disabling 
incidents.1
leading to"
,Environmental
,"injuries/illnesses.
prosecution."
,Incidents.2
,ETHICS AND INTEGRITY
,RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN
,≥90%
,"≥95%
≥90%  
employee completion rate of our"
,"employee completion rate of our 
new suppliers screened using social"
,"Business Code of Conduct and 
Safe and Respectful Behaviours"
,criteria.4
,"Integrity training.3
training.3"
,ATTRACTING AND RETAINING
,"SAFETY, HEALTH AND WELLBEING"
,TALENT
,"≤4
100%"
,Year-on-year
,annual Total Recordable Injury
,of critical risk inspections completed
,improvement in voluntary
,Frequency Rate.
,against all combined business unit
,turnover rate.
,targets.5
,DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
,"Year-on-year
Year-on-year
Year-on-year"
,"increase in female participation 
increase in Aboriginal and Torres 
increase in female representation in"
,"across our workforce.  
Strait Islander participation across  
operational leader positions.6"
,our workforce.
,"WATER 
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP"
,
,"COMPLETE
≥80%  
NO"
,"compliance with site  
a gap assessment against the 
biodiversity impacts that increase"
,"ICMM Water Stewardship Position 
environmental KPIs.7
extinction risk.8"
,Statement and corresponding
,guidance.
,"WASTE AND AIR QUALITY
CLIMATE CHANGE AMBITIONS"
,"IMPLEMENT  
45%  
NET ZERO"
,"tailings management operations, 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 mining 
operational emissions by 2050."
,"maintenance and surveillance 
emissions intensity by FY45 relative"
,"manuals at all operational sites.
to our FY24 baseline.9"
1,Major social incidents are incidents or events that have an actual major adverse community impact that affects long-term business continuity and
,"triggers a ‘stop work order’, attracts significant or prolonged negative national media, or results in the revocation of the licence to operate."
2   High Impact Environmental Incidents (HIEI) are incidents that have an actual environmental consequence of high or major. These events have an,
,"adverse impact on fauna/flora, habitat, soil, aquatic and land ecosystems, atmosphere or water resources lasting typically multiple years"
,(Level 4 and above).
"3   Employee completion rate excludes casual employees, interns, non-executive directors, employees on workers compensation and employees on",
,"long term leave, including parental leave."
4,"Suppliers are screened by a third party platform against several social criteria to determine potential exposure to criminal activities and sanctions,"
,"money laundering, politically exposed persons, human rights abuses and modern slavery incidents."
"5   Business units include Asset Management, Construction, Crushing and Processing, Mining Iron Ore, Mining Lithium, Mineral Resources Transport",
,and Project Services.
"6   Site-based leader positions include supervisor, superintendent, manager and general manager.",
7   Site environment KPIs include the completion of scheduled environmental inspections and timely completion of compliance monitoring and reporting.,

=== Table 3 (page 117) ===
HIGHLIGHTS,AMBITIONS
"• 
Generated 7,732 megawatt (MW) hours of",•  Net zero operational emissions by 2050.
"renewable energy, up 120 per cent from FY24.",
,"• 
45 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2"
"• 
Constructed a 3.8 MW solar system at Ken’s",
,mining emissions intensity by FY35 relative
Bore to complement our gas-fired power,
,"to our FY24 baseline, on a kilogram of"
generation.,
,carbon dioxide equivalent (kgCO2e) emitted
,per tonne of product shipped basis.
"• 
23 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2",
mining emissions intensity relative to our,
FY24 baseline.1,

=== Table 4 (page 134) ===
CLIMATE CHANGE,
Long-term horizon,DECARBONISATION FUND
"Beyond FY35, the available solutions for emissions",In recognition of the current and future need to
reduction are less clear and will be heavily reliant on,fund decarbonisation initiatives and to meet our
technological innovation and investment. MinRes,"obligations under the Safeguard Mechanism, we"
will continue to operationalise and roll out projects,established the Decarbonisation Fund in FY25.
adopted in the interim horizon.,
,All projects under MinRes’ operational control are
"Additionally, we will consider all viable alternatives",charged for every tonne of emissions they generate.
within the maritime and aviation sectors to address,This charge is proportional to MinRes’ equity share
"MinRes Marine and MinRes Air emissions, including",in the given project across our diverse portfolio.
the adoption of renewable diesel or novel fuels,Emissions for each operation are calculated in line
"such as ammonia. Where commercially viable, we",with the NGER framework based on the consumption
intend to leverage our expertise to actively support,"of key energy commodities such as diesel, gas,"
mining clients in delivering effective decarbonisation,electricity and other emission sources. Our operations
solutions.,are charged the preceding month’s average spot price
,of a generic Australian Carbon Credit Unit (ACCU) for
PROJECT SELECTION,
,every tonne of Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
MinRes will assess all potential solutions using a,
,The Fund acts as a financial incentive to drive a
structured and consistent methodology to ensure,
,fundamental change in the way our business
that the most appropriate projects are selected for,
,integrates decarbonisation as part of business-as-
use within the roadmap. MinRes will implement,
,usual activities and decision making. It is also a
abatement initiatives to reduce emissions in,
,funding mechanism for decarbonisation initiatives
accordance with forecast technology readiness and,
,throughout the fluctuations in commodity price cycles
procurement cycles. Our abatement projects are,
,"and where necessary, to purchase carbon credits to"
evaluated against five key criteria:,
,meet our Safeguard obligations.
"1. 
Decarbonisation potential – the project must be",
,"It is anticipated that in the medium to long term,"
able to demonstrate emission reductions that are,
,contributions to the Decarbonisation Fund will
measurable and verifiable.,
,decrease as we decarbonise our operations.
,Additional sources of funding may be required to
"2. 
Technological readiness level – each solution must",
,meet interim and net zero ambitions. Our preference
be technologically and commercially viable.,
,"is to fund required activities in the short, medium and"
"3. 
Trade-offs – each project must be evaluated",
,long term with free cash flow generated by our
against other available options to determine the,
,ongoing business activities.
most favourable solution.,
,INDUSTRY COLLABORATION AND STAKEHOLDER
"4. 
Business appetite – the initiative must align with",
,ENGAGEMENT
MinRes’ business objectives and should not,
conflict with or impede the company’s strategic,Addressing climate change requires a coordinated
direction.,effort and collaboration with a diverse range of
,"stakeholders. To achieve this, MinRes is committed to:"
"5. 
Economic viability – the initiative must",
demonstrate strong financial viability and provide,"• 
developing and maintaining strong community"
a clear return on investment for the business.,and stakeholder relationships with those impacted
,"by our operations including our employees,"
"To meet this requirement, all proposed projects are",
,"customers, suppliers, government partners,"
required to have robust business cases developed,
,communities and investors
to demonstrate the consideration of the above,
criteria. This ensures that only the most advantageous,"• 
participating with industry associations to engage"
"projects, both in terms of emission reduction and",efforts to respond to climate change.
"financial benefits, are implemented.",
,MinRes regularly engages with stakeholders through
Decarbonisation business cases will require,"a range of mechanisms including our website,"
endorsement from both the Decarbonisation Working,"publications, meetings, investor roadshows, industry"
Group and the Steering Committee. Alongside the,events and at our Annual General Meeting. As
"decarbonisation-related metrics outlined above,","awareness of climate change continues to grow,"
MinRes’ Capital Allocation Framework will also be,we remain dedicated to ongoing and frequent
applied to all final investment decisions.,"engagement with stakeholders, fostering a deeper"
,"understanding of their concerns, interests and"

=== Table 5 (page 135) ===
CLIMATE CHANGE,
Future Energy Exports Cooperative Research Centre,
,METRICS
MinRes has been a partner of the Future Energy,OUR PERFORMANCE
Exports Cooperative Research Centre (CRC) since,
,MinRes tracks operational GHG emissions monthly
"its inception in 2020. The CRC unites industry,",
,"and annually discloses our energy consumption, Scope"
government and research organisations to explore,
,1 and 2 GHG emissions data to the Clean Energy
the avenues to future proof Australia’s energy exports,
,"Regulator, through the NGER Act. We also disclose this"
through industrial scale innovation. Through our,
,information as part of our annual reporting suite.
"involvement with the CRC, we have contributed to",
"several initiatives, including the Net Zero Australia",
,GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS PROFILE
Project and Paths to Sustainable Hydrogen Supply,
Chain online tool.,Our GHG emissions are directly related to our energy
,use and the growth of our operations. We calculate our
We are currently collaborating with the University,
,Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in line with the NGER
of Western Australia and several industry partners,
,Act. We use emission factors disclosed in the National
to develop a low-cost separation technology for,
,Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement)
hydrogen and helium recovery from natural gas.,
,Determination 2008.
Helium is in short supply globally and its use in electric,
"vehicle battery manufacturing, magnetic resonance","Annually, we assessed MinRes’ emissions reporting"
imaging (MRI) medical diagnostics and semiconductor,boundary in alignment with the definition of
production means its price has increased significantly,operational control per the NGER Act. In our
over the last decade. This collaborative project aims to,"assessment for FY25, we note the following exceptions:"
demonstrate and quantify the recovery rates and purity,
,"• 
MinRes Air: Launched in April 2024, MinRes Air"
"of hydrogen and helium at high pressures, using a non-",
,provides air charter services to our Ken’s Bore and
cryogenic purification process.,
,Wodgina sites from a dedicated terminal in the
Given the value of both hydrogen and helium in,"Perth Airport precinct. In FY25, MinRes did not"
hydrocarbon fields and the comparatively low,possess an Air Operator Certificate (AOC) - MinRes
"energy requirements of this purification method,",Air was operated by a third-party provider who
"commercialising this technology is highly significant,","maintained operational control. Consequently,"
both from a global perspective and in alignment,emissions associated with MinRes Air for FY25 are
with our future gas development in the Perth and,not reportable by MinRes under the NGER Act. We
Carnarvon Basins.,expect to obtain our AOC in FY26.
,"• 
CSI Mining Services: As one of Australia’s leading"
Chamber of Minerals and Energy,
,"mining services contractors, we provide support"
MinRes is a member of the Chamber of Minerals and,to both MinRes projects and external clients.
Energy of Western Australia (CME). CME is a leading,Emissions from mining services on our own
advocacy body for the resources industry in Western,"projects are reported under the NGER Act, as we"
Australia and leads policy development on key issues,retain operational control over these activities.
faced by the industry.,Emissions associated with services delivered to
,external clients fall under the clients’ reporting
CME advocates for a sustainable development,
,"responsibilities, as they maintain operational"
approach for transitioning to net zero emissions and,
,control.
adapting to the effects of climate change; using a,
"holistic framework that balances social, economic and",
environmental dimensions to ensure climate resilience,
and a just transition for those affected by change.,
One of their key policy areas is climate and energy.,
MinRes is an active participant of the Climate and,
Energy Reference Group (CERG) which is tasked,
"with leading policy development on climate, GHG",
emissions and energy-related issues impacting the,
resources sector.,
The CME’s position on climate change is consistent,
with MinRes’ position and through our involvement,
"in the CERG, we ensure that our response to climate",
change remains aligned with relevant Australian,
legislation.,

=== Table 6 (page 137) ===
CLIMATE CHANGE,
Figure 27 shows our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,The movements in the calculated GHG emissions
,intensity between FY24 and FY25 is attributed by:
in tCO2e from FY24 to FY25. MinRes’ Scope 1 and 2,
emissions increased by 4.2 per cent between FY24,
,"• 
Yilgarn Hub: During our review of the commercial"
and FY25 due to:,
,"viability of the Yilgarn Hub early in FY25, both"
"• 
Change in operational activities:",mining activities and tonnes shipped were
,significantly reduced compared to FY24. Emissions
"- 
Yilgarn Hub: The ramp down of operations",
,"intensity saw a modest improvement in FY25,"
at the Yilgarn Hub commenced in December,
,primarily due to a slight increase in iron ore
2024. This resulted in a reduction in emissions,
,proportion to the rise in emissions.
"by approximately 70 per cent from 131,221",
,"• 
Bald Hill: MinRes acquired Bald Hill in October"
"tCO2e in FY24 to 39,669 tCO2e in FY25.",
,2023 and recommenced mining activities the
"- 
Bald Hill: Bald Hill was placed into care and",
,following month. The initial phase of restarting
"maintenance in November 2024, resulting in",
,operations was highly emissions intensive.
limited site activities. Associated emissions,
,"However, emissions intensity at the site was almost"
have decreased by approximately 60 per cent,
,"halved from FY24 to FY25, largely as a result of"
"from 40,889 tCO2e in FY24 to 16,309 tCO2e in",
,reduced mining activity in response to lower
FY25.,
,lithium prices and the site subsequently being
"- 
Onslow Iron project: Our primary focus in FY25",placed into care and maintenance.
was ramping-up operations at Onslow Iron to,
,"• 
Onslow Iron: The Onslow Iron project was highly"
its nameplate capacity of 35Mtpa.While activity,
,"emissions intensive in FY24, largely due to"
"in FY24 was largely centred on construction, in",
,emissions associated with construction and a high
FY25 the focus shifted to mining operations.,
,strip ratio at the onset of mining operations. In
This increase in operational activity including,
,"FY25, ramping-up operational activities has led to"
"mining, road haulage and transhipping, with",
,a significant improvement in emissions intensity
some construction activity continuing has,
,as the site moves closer to nameplate production.
driven emissions up by approximately 2.5,
,The project shipped 14 million tonnes during
"times, from 122,518 tCO2e in FY24 to 304,679",
,"FY25, and while it contributed substantially to"
tCO2e in FY25. This flagship project accounted,
,"total emissions, this increased throughput has also"
for approximately 41 per cent of our total,
,supported improvements in emissions intensity.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the year.,
,"• 
Wodgina: In FY25, Wodgina implemented a range"
"• 
Change in emissions reporting boundaries:",
,"of efficiency initiatives, such as commissioning a"
"- 
Lockyer Deep exploration: The sale of",high-intensity condition dewatering cyclone and
Exploration Permits 368 and 426 was,streamlining of mining fleet without impacting
completed on 18 December 2024. Compared,material movements. These measures contributed
"to FY24, emissions decreased by approximately","to a marginal improvement in emissions intensity,"
"93 per cent, primarily due to the shorter",with emissions rising by approximately two per
"reporting period of six months. Additionally,",cent while shipped tonnes increased by three
there were no gas flaring activities during the,per cent compared to FY24.
six month period reported by MinRes.,
,"• 
Mt Marion: Lower recovery rates at Mt Marion"
"- 
Yilgarn Hub: We have chosen to voluntarily","led to reduced mining activities in FY25, resulting"
disclose emissions relating to Yilgarn Hub,in a decrease of approximately 26 per cent in
for FY25 in our annual report. FY25 emissions,associated emissions. Shipped tonnes also fell by
"for the Yilgarn Hub are approximately 39,669","around 13 per cent over the same period. Overall,"
,this contributed to an estimated 15 per cent
"tCO2e, of which 20,817 tCO2e is reportable",
by the buyer under the NGER reporting,reduction in emissions intensity.
requirements.,
,We monitor and track our progress towards achieving
,our emissions ambitions. This involves the monthly

=== Table 7 (page 138) ===
Diesel displacement
"studies to develop a diesel displacement strategy, aimed at identifying significant"
strategy
carbon abatement opportunities and potential benefits across the value chain.
SCOPE 3
"MinRes acknowledges the significance of understanding our Scope 3 GHG emissions. Using the GHG Protocol,"
we quantify our Scope 3 emissions and explore potential opportunities for influencing positive changes within its
"supply chain. MinRes will continue to review the way we are quantifying our Scope 3 emissions, in preparation to"
meet the AASB’s S2 disclosure requirements next financial year.

=== Table 8 (page 139) ===
LOOKING FORWARD,
"In FY26, we will actively pursue initiatives to strengthen our response to climate change, including:",
•,"develop an energy master plan for Onslow Iron, Mt Marion and Wodgina to assess future energy requirements"
•,identify emissions reduction opportunities to decarbonise our operations in both diesel displacement and
,power generation
•,"review our pathway to net zero, considering the feasibility of current and emerging developments in emissions"
,reduction technology
•,"review our climate scenario analysis framework and integrate climate-related risks into MinRes’ ERM framework, in"
,aligned with AASB S2 requirements
•,engage with original equipment manufacturers to gain insights into their upcoming hybrid and electric
,product offerings
•,review the way we account for our Scope 3 emissions.

=== Table 9 (page 192) ===
,"Total employees 
Non-Binary: 7"
,Prefer not to disclose: 7
,"Total: 6,798"
Overall female participation rate,22.1%
Overall Indigenous Australian participation rate,3.6%
Total Scope 1 GHG emissions (tCO2-e),"731,084"
,"Location based: 15,947"
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2-e),
,"Market based: 14,086"
Total energy consumption (GJ),"11,192,789"
Significant Environmental Incidents (Level 3 and,
,17
above),
High Impact Environmental Incidents (Level 4 and,
,0
above),
Number of cultural learning and awareness training,
sessions delivered across all MinRes owner/operator,67
sites,
Total number of reportable heritage incidents,0
Suppliers screened for social criteria by third party,
,100%
platform,
Total Australian spend (percentage),83.9%
Total West Australian spend (percentage),68.2%
Community contributions ($AUD millions),"$6,000,484"
Direct economic value generated and distributed,"Revenue 
$4,472"
($AUD millions),
,Payment to Australian
,"Federal, State and Local 
$306"

=== Table 10 (page 203) ===
TERM,DESCRIPTION
,Strengthening relationships between Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
Reconciliation,
,People and non-Indigenous people for the benefit of all Australians.
,RCPs are emissions scenarios that include time series of emissions and
,"concentrations of the full suite of GHGs, aerosols and chemically active gases,"
Representative,
,as well as land use/land cover. RCPs are used to develop climate projections
Concentration,
,"by informing physical climate system models. In turn, these models project"
Pathways (RCP),
,how the physical climate may change under different levels of radiative forcing
,driven by GHG concentrations.
,An action to impose restrictions on activities that are related to a particular
Sanctions,
,"country, good, service, type of conduct, person or entity."
,A questionnaire sent to suppliers that represent a potentially high-risk
Self-Assessment,
,"of modern slavery, allowing for the identification of potential areas for"
Questionnaire (SAQ),
,improvement.
,A non-profit organisation that develops standards to improve accounting
Sustainability Accounting,on financial sustainability impacts. The SASB developed a set of 77 industry-
Standards Board (SASB),specific sustainability accounting standards (SASB standards or industry
,standards).
,"Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from operations, facilities and"
Scope 1 greenhouse,
,associated activities that are owned or controlled by the reporting company.
gas emissions,
,"For MinRes, scope 1 emissions are primarily associated with fuel consumption."
,Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the generation
Scope 2 greenhouse,"of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling consumed by"
gas emissions,operations and facilities owned or controlled by the reporting company.
,MinRes calculates Scope 2 emissions based on a location-based method.
,Scope 3 emissions are non-operational GHG emissions associated with
Scope 3 greenhouse,
,upstream and downstream activities that occur within the reporting company’s
gas emissions,
,value chain.
,"Implemented by the Clean Energy Regular, the SGM requires responsible"
,emitters defined as facility operators that have operational control of an
Safeguard,"individual facility whose Scope 1 emissions exceed the 100,000 t CO2-e"
Mechanism (SGM),"threshold, to register the facility. Registered facilities have an annual emissions"
,"limit, known as a baseline, and are required to reduce their emissions by 4.9 per"
,cent annually by 2030.
,Significant Environmental Incidents comprise incidents of actual environmental
Significant Environmental,
,or legal consequence of Level 3 and above as defined by MinRes’ Incident
Incident,
,Management Procedure.
,"Examine how global society, demographics and economics may change over the"
Shared Socio-Economic,
,next century with varying socio-economic challenges to adaption and mitigation in
Path-ways (SSP),
,the context of climate change scenario analysis.