=== Page 3 ===
Message from our Chair and CEO
Our 2025 Sustainability Report provides an update on the progress 
and achie
vements made throughout the year on our FY25 - FY28 
Sustainability Strategy.
Sustainability is an important component of the McMillan 
Shak
espeare Group (MMS) strategy and aligns with our 
purpose of making a positive difference to people’s lives.
We are proud to help over 500,000 Australians as their 
trus
ted partner with simple, tailored solutions to access 
the benefits  of salary packaging, novated leasing, fleet 
management and National Disability Insurance Scheme 
(NDIS) plans
. Our salary packaging and novated leasing 
services remain essential for Australians, helping them 
manage their financial  pressures gaining more affordable 
access to vehicles.
During the year, we continued to deliver on our sustainability 
s
trategy which was introduced in FY21 and updated for 
the FY25 – FY28 period, to provide a clear framework for 
driving positive environmental and social outcomes for our 
stakeholders and communities in which we operate. We 
supported our customers to continue their transition 
to a low carbon economy, reduced our environmental 
impact, prepared for incoming mandatory climate-related 
disclosures and made a positive difference to our customers 
and communities.
L o w c arbon futur e
During FY25 we continued to provide education and tools 
to help our cus
tomers make sustainable decisions when 
reviewing their fleet  requirements or novated lease options.
Vehicle emission intensity ratings are included in all 
quotations f
or passenger and light commercial vehicles 
and environmental performance reports are provided to 
fleet  customers.Our customers can access tools such as ‘On the Go’ EV 
char
ge cards, giving them the flexibility to charge up at 
o
ver 300 locations across Australia. Our fleet customers can 
also tak
e advantage of beneficial  finance  for low and zero 
emission vehicles through our finance partners. Our novated 
lease cus
tomers can benefit  from our partnerships with 
access to savings on home electric vehicle (EV) charging 
solutions. We continue to work with both Greenfleet and 
Ampol to of
fer carbon offsetting options for customers.
During the year we continued to focus on reducing 
gr
eenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with direct 
scope 1 (fuel use) and scope 2 (purchased electricity) 
emissions. We saw a reduction in the measured scope 1 
and scope 2 net emissions of 16% from prior year. These 
reductions reflect our transition to renewable electricity 
(in offices  where we can select the energy retailer) and 
transitioning 54% of our fleet to battery electric vehicles 
(E
Vs). Our FY25 GHG emissions reporting is aligned with 
the requirements of the Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standard AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB 
S2) for entities to report their scope 1 and 2 emissions 
and obtain Limited Assurance over these disclosure 
requirements. For the second consecutive year MMS has 
obtained independent Limited Assurance for its scope 1 and 
scope 2 GHG emissions reporting.
Social impac t
Seeking to create better outcomes for our customers and 
the communit
y is what we do every day aligned with our 
purpose of making a positive difference to people's lives.
This year we continued our partnership with Jigsaw 
Aus
tralia which since 2023 has seen eight Jigsaw trainees 
Helen Kurincic
ChairRob De Luca
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
M E S S A G E  F R O M  O U R 
C H A I R  A N D  C E OMMS Sus tainability Report 2025
3

=== Page 5 ===
About this report
The 2025 Sustainability Report (Report) discloses McMillan 
Shak
espeare’s (referred to as ‘MMS’,‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘Group’) 
approach, past performance and future commitments on 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) areas that are 
significant  to our business and key stakeholders.
This Report covers the 2025 Australian Financial Year 
(F
Y25) from 1 July  2024 to 30 June  2025, or as at 
30 June  2025, unless otherwise stated and aligns with the 
reporting period for the Group’s FY25 financial reporting. It 
encompasses our oper
ations in Australia and New Zealand 
(NZ). Our performance is updated annually.
The content of this Report has been developed with 
r
eference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 
2021. For a full list of disclosures referenced in this Report, 
please refer to the GRI Content Index 2025, available on 
our website .
In FY25 MMS undertook independent Limited Assurance in 
line with Assur
ance Standard ASAE 3000, over the selected 
performance metrics below.–Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions
–Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
–Fleet electric vehicles (% total of Australian fleet).
See Appendix for Ernst & Young’s Independent Limited 
Assur
ance Report to the Management and Directors of 
McMillan Shakespeare Group.
The information within this report should be read in 
conjunction with our 2025 Annual Repor
t and Corporate 
Governance Statement, also available on our website.
A B O U T  T H I S  R E P O R T MMS Sus tainability Report 2025
5

=== Page 12 ===
Our Sustainability Strategy
Our current FY25 – FY28 Sustainability Strategy aims to 
cr
eate positive social and environmental impacts for MMS’ 
clients and customers, shareholders, employees, suppliers 
and the communities in which we live and work. It is 
underpinned by reporting and assurance systems that 
provide insights to evaluate progress and meet stakeholder 
expectations, supported by independent assurance.
Annual Action Plans are developed to guide MMS 
to
wards its goals and targets. Progress updates were provided during the year to the MMS Board, Executive 
Leader
ship team, the Sustainability Committee and 
relevant sustainability Working Groups, against the FY25 
Sustainability Action Plan.
At the conclusion of the first year of MMS’ three-year 
sustainability strategy, we are pleased with the progress we 
have made against our FY25 Sustainability Action Plan. You 
can read our achievements throughout this report.
Our 
C
ommitmentTo being a responsible, inclusive business that supports a low carbon economy and delivers positive 
outcomes f
or its customers, employees, communities and shareholders.
Our Pillars Low carbon economy Social impact Responsible 
business
Our Goals We aim to support the transition to 
a lo
w carbon economy.We seek to create better outcomes for our 
cus
tomers and communities.We aim to conduct 
our business 
r
esponsibly and 
ethically.
Our Priorities Supporting clients’ and customers’ 
lo
w carbon transition.
Addressing climate impacts from 
our business and defined value 
chain.Supporting better outcomes for customers 
and communities
.
Fostering a capable, inclusive and 
div
erse workforce.Governing and 
conducting 
business 
r
esponsibly.
Safeguarding our 
inf
ormation.
Our Targets 50% emissions 
reduction from 
baseline (FY19) 
by FY30150% of MMS’ 
car fleet  to be 
EVs by FY30240-40-20 gender 
representation (by 
FY30)3Gender pay 
equity (95–105%) 
for like roles 
(annually )4100% employee 
compliance 
training (annually)
Our 
FoundationReporting and Assurance
Reporting systems that provide insights to evaluate 
progress and meet stakeholder expectations supported by 
independent assurance.Governance
Leadership and appropriate 
Governance in place to understand 
risks and opportunities and 
drive progress and accountability 
on strategy.
1Covers emissions from MMS direct operations: Scope 1 (fuel use), Scope 2 (purchased electricity) and Scope 3 (indirect emissions from employee commute, 
business tr
avel and from defined  third party services). MMS’ ability to achieve this FY30 target is dependent on many factors including government policy and 
effectiveness of GHG reduction activities undertaken by our suppliers. This target will be revised in line with our work towards AASB S2 reporting. 
2Remainder of the fleet  to be fuel efficient cars as defined by the ATO from 1 July 2025.
3At Board, Other Executives and General Managers, Senior Manager levels by FY30.
4Total remuneration gender pay equity target of 95-105% on average applies for like-for-like roles with 10 or more incumbents.
O U R  A P P R O A C H MMS Sus tainability Report 2025
12

=== Page 23 ===
Low carbon economy
Climate change is one of the most pressing issues of our time. As a 
leading pr
ovider of novated leasing and fleet management services, we 
ar
e in a unique position to help our customers reduce their impact on the 
environment and transition to a low carbon future.
O u r  F Y 2 5  p e r f o r m a n c e
FY25 Low Carbon Economy Our performance Status
Achieve an average minimum 4.5-star NABERS Energy 
r
ating across MMS' corporate leased space.15-star (avg) NABERS Energy rating achieved.1
⬤
Source 100% Greenpower for controllable sites. Achieved.2⬤
Transition 20% of MMS’ fleet  to EVs.3Achieved.
54% EVs3⬤
Offset emissions associated with business travel flights  
(scope 3).
Continue to offset residual scope 1 and 2 emissions.Achieved.
541 tCO2 offset through Greenfleet⬤
Provide novated leasing customers with estimated 
gr
eenhouse gas emissions associated with leased vehicles.Achieved.⬤
1Includes all MMS corporate offices  with 30 or more people (excludes Perth, Raymond Terrace and Just Honk car yards). In FY25 it excludes MMS’ Adelaide 
office due to building works which required our people to work from home for extended periods.
2Controllable sites are where MMS can choose the electricity provider using the existing building infrastructure.
3MMS Australia and New Zealand car fleet at 30 June 2025 is Battery electric vehicles (BEV) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV).
S u p p o r t i n g  c u s t o m e r  u p t a k e  o f  E l e c t r i c 
V
e h i c l e s
Facilitating novated leasing and fleet transition to electric 
v
ehicles is a key focus for MMS and one way we contribute 
towards a low carbon economy.
We implement initiatives aimed at providing a compelling 
E
V product offering and education for our novated and 
fleet  customers to help them make informed sustainable 
decisions such as:
–Environmental performance reporting to fleet customers.
–Providing vehicle emissions intensity ratings on vehicle 
quotations (no
vated leases, fleet  leases for passenger 
and light commercial vehicles).
–Driving awareness of the option to offset vehicle 
carbon emissions thr
ough our two partners Ampol 
and Greenfleet.
–Educational programs to reach our clients and customers 
via online, social media and dir
ect mail as well as 
EV trials.–Through our collaboration with NALSPA and the Electric 
V
ehicle Council, we continued to work with our industry 
partners and policy makers to increase awareness of how 
current policies have impacted demand for EVs and share 
data and learnings to inform future policy.
This year we released the Interleasing Grey Fleet Emissions 
Digital Logbook
. Capturing emissions associated with a 
company’s grey fleet i.e. business travel by an employee 
using their per
sonal car, has been manual and for some 
companies data has not been available or reliable for 
emissions reporting. The Grey Fleet Emissions Digital 
Logbook marks a step forward in helping Australian 
businesses meet their environmental reporting obligations 
with confidence  and accuracy. By streamlining and 
digitising this reporting, we’re supporting compliance and 
empowering smarter decisions for a cleaner future.
Partnerships are integral to helping support our customers 
tr
ansition to electric vehicles. We partner with providers 
of EVs and related services and focus on partnerships 
that support access to vehicle supply, financing, charging 
har
dware and software solutions such as:
–Partnering with one of Australia’s largest EV charging 
ne
twork providers to provide charging solutions to our 
L O W  C A R B O N  E C O N O M Y MMS Sus tainability Report 2025
23

=== Page 24 ===
Low carbon economy
fleet  drivers. This enables drivers to charge their vehicles 
on the go while utilising 100% green power.
–Offering beneficial finance for zero and low emissions 
fleet  vehicles through our financier relationships.
–Providing savings on home EV charges via our 
par
tnership with an energy retailer when novated lease 
customers take up an EV through Oly.
–In GRS, we partner with a prominent industry leader 
specialising in home char
ging products and services.
R e d u c i n g  o u r  o p e r a t i o n a l  i m p a c t
Our direct impact on the environment primarily relates to 
the oper
ation of our offices and car yards.  MMS uses the 
oper
ational control approach to report our greenhouse gas 
emissions; this approach allows us to focus on emissions 
over which we can manage and reduce. Our operational 
boundary in FY25 includes our operations in Australia and 
New Zealand and incorporates all sub brands fully owned 
by MMS (see page 6), except for My Plan Support, which 
was acquired by MMS in Q4 FY25. In FY24 MMS' GHG 
operational boundary included its UK operations up until its 
divestment of these operations in the first  half of FY24. The 
impact of this change to MMS' operational boundary in FY25 
was immaterial to MMS' measured scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Our FY25 GHG emissions reporting is aligned with the first 
year reporting requirements of the Australian Sustainability 
Repor
ting Standard AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures 
(AASB S2) for entities to report their scope 1 and 
2 emissions and obtain Limited Assurance over these 
disclosure requirements. For the second consecutive year 
MMS has obtained independent Limited Assurance for its 
measured scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions.
This year we saw our measured net GHG scope 1 and 
scope 2 emissions r
educe by 16% from FY24 and achieved 
the following:
–All our controllable sites are powered by 100% 
Gr
eenpower or renewable electricity.1
–54% of our internal company car fleet  are EVs.
–Achieved an average 5-star NABERS energy rating for 
our corpor
ate leased office space.2
–Offset our scope 1 and 2 emissions and for the first  
time offset emissions associated with our business travel 
flights  (scope 3).Offsetting our emissions
For over 25 years Greenfleet has been planting native 
biodiv
erse forests in Australia and New Zealand to restore 
nature and capture carbon emissions. Carbon is stored in 
these reforested areas which are legally protected for up to 
100 years.
This year MMS celebrated 10 years of partnership with 
Greenfleet  by offering carbon offsetting to our fleet 
customers to help them reduce the impact of their vehicles 
on the envir
onment. As a result, our customers have offset 
over 6,700 tonnes of emissions and have helped to plant 
native forests and restore ecosystems across Australia.
MMS offsets our scope 1 and 2 emissions and has 
of
fset over 3,000 tonnes of carbon since 2020. This year 
we extended our approach by also offsetting emissions 
associated with our flights.
M a n a g i n g  c l i m a t e - r e l a t e d  r i s k s  a n d 
o
p p o r t u n i t i e s
In 2023 the Australian Government announced it would 
be adopting Climate
-related Disclosures for Australian 
businesses. From 1 January  2025 the AASB S2 Climate-
related Disclosures came into effect for eligible businesses. 
During the year MMS has taken further steps towards 
compliance such as:
–Undertaking a review and revalidation of climate-related 
risk
s and opportunities that may impact MMS’ operations 
and reasonably impact MMS’ prospects.
–Establishing an internal Working Group with members 
fr
om Risk, Finance, People, Culture and Communications, 
Business Units and Sustainability.
–Commenced providing regular updates to the Audit, Risk 
and C
ompliance Committee on progress.
–Commenced scenario analysis guided by external 
climate consultants
.
The above steps undertaken during the year build on the 
w
ork MMS has already undertaken to understand climate-
related risks and opportunities that may impact the MMS 
business. In 2022 we conducted a high-level climate-related 
risk and opportunity assessment, engaging independent 
climate change specialists. At the time MMS followed 
the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) framework for disclosure. The TCFD has now been 
disbanded having fulfilled its remit.
MMS will be reporting against the Climate-related 
Disclosur
es in FY26.
1Controllable sites are where MMS can choose the electricity provider using the existing building infrastructure.
2Includes all MMS corporate offices with 30 or more people (excludes Perth, Raymond Terrace and Just Honk car yards). In FY25 it excludes MMS’ 
Adelaide office due to building works which required our people to work from home for extended periods.
L O W  C A R B O N  E C O N O M Y MMS Sus tainability Report 2025
24