=== Page 14 ===
SECTION HEAD
Monadelphous secured approximately $2.5 billion in new contracts 
and extensions since the beginning of the 2025 financial year, 
representing a record value of awards in a period.
I am pleased to present to shareholders 
another year of substantial strategic 
progress, strong performance and 
emerging opportunities for Monadelphous. Supported by a robust pipeline of 
committed work, the Company enters the 
year ahead well positioned for continued success, reflecting its well-established 
reputation for delivery and its strong 
standing within the industry.  
In the energy sector, Monadelphous was 
awarded approximately  $1.1 billion  in 
major construction and maintenance 
contracts with blue chip customers, 
including  Shell Australia  and Woodside.
The Company continued to experience strong demand in Western Australia’s 
(WA) iron ore sector, securing and 
delivering a significant volume of maintenance and construction work 
with Rio Tinto, BHP and Fortescue.  
Monadelphous continued to progress 
its markets and growth strategy related to 
the energy transition  with the acquisition 
of Perth-based high voltage services 
business,  High Energy Service, adding to 
the Company’s existing electrical services 
capability and broadening its service 
offering to customers. Monadelphous remained focused on 
retaining, developing and attracting highly talented values-aligned people who 
contribute to its ongoing success. 
Initiatives to increase diversity and inclusion progressed across the business, 
with the Company exceeding all current 
commitments within its Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan. The outstanding 
contributions of Monadelphous’ female 
employees were also recognised by industry.  
Monadelphous continued to progress 
initiatives in line with its Net Zero emissions by 2050 goal, including adding 
to its hybrid and electric vehicle fleet, 
progressing the installation of solar power to owned workshops, supporting 
customers in their environmental and 
decarbonisation objectives, and preparing for incoming climate reporting. 
OUTLOOK
Longer-term demand trends across the resources and energy markets are forecast 
to continue to remain robust, despite the 
short to medium term impacts of moderating global economic growth and 
the higher level of global uncertainty. 
Production levels across most 
commodities continue to drive demand for sustaining capital works and maintenance 
services. Despite a lower forecast for iron ore prices, production rates are expected 
to be at least maintained and will support 
the continued investment in new projects in Australia’s iron ore sector, with a focus 
on efficiency to maintain its globally 
competitive position.  
Demand for energy transition metals is 
showing signs of improvement following a period of significant price volatility. Over 
the long-term, mining and mineral 
processing development in this sector, including copper and critical minerals, is 
projected to increase, requiring 
substantial capital investment to meet projected demand.  
The energy sector continues to provide 
significant opportunities, including several 
gas construction projects and ongoing 
strong demand for maintenance services. Monadelphous remains well positioned to 
continue supporting customers throughout 
the asset life cycle, including late life and decommissioning support. 
Customer decarbonisation activities 
continue to support the electrification of operations and energy storage and are 
now driving a more significant pipeline of 
nearer term prospects.  ROB VELLETRIChair’s  
ReportOPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
13 MONADELPHOUS  | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT

=== Page 15 ===
Australia’s Net Zero emissions objective 
is driving a pipeline of opportunities in 
the renewable energy sector over the 
coming years, with investment activity 
increasing across generation, storage and transmission. Zenviron remains well 
positioned to continue to secure work in 
the wind farm and battery energy storage sectors, and to capitalise on this 
growth sector.  
Although labour demand has eased and 
workforce availability has improved, 
skilled labour shortages persist across Australia’s resources and energy sectors. 
Monadelphous is responding to this 
challenge by strengthening the capability and capacity of its workforce through 
focused employee retention and 
development initiatives, supporting long-term employee engagement.  Monadelphous remains focused on sustainable growth and the delivery of quality earnings by taking a selective 
approach to securing new work, fostering 
collaborative customer relationships, upholding high standards of delivery and 
taking a disciplined approach to the 
allocation of risk. 
The Company has entered the new 
financial year with a strong pipeline of committed work and with activity levels 
rising across the business over the past six 
months, Monadelphous is well placed to deliver growth for the 2026 financial year.  
Monadelphous is focused on growing 
over the long-term by continuing to expand its services and capabilities 
and diversify its markets. This 
strategy is supported by a strong balance sheet which provides the flexibility to assess and pursue targeted acquisition opportunities that align with its vision of building a more 
diverse and resilient business. 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to 
thank our dedicated team at 
Monadelphous, whose loyalty and commitment are fundamental to our 
continued growth and success, and 
extend my appreciation to our shareholders, customers, and the local 
communities where we operate for their 
valued and ongoing support.
Rob Velletri  
Chair
Monadelphous employees at 
Western Turner Syncline 2, 
Tom Price, Western Australia.
CHAIR’S REPORT 14

=== Page 26 ===
SECTION HEADINFRASTRUCTURE  
Zenviron, the Company’s renewable 
energy joint venture, continued to 
strengthen its market position with a 
number of key contract awards during the period.  
In Victoria, it secured a contract with 
EnergyAustralia for the delivery of the  
350 MW Wooreen Battery Energy Storage 
System (BESS) in the Latrobe Valley.    The work includes balance-of-plant 
design, construction, installation and 
commissioning and is expected to be completed in late 2026. This follows 
completion during the period of its first 
battery energy storage system contract   at Tilt Renewables’ Latrobe Valley BESS 
Project, located south of Morwell. 
Zenviron also commenced work on        
CS Energy’s Lotus Creek Wind Farm in 
Central Queensland. In partnership with Vestas, Zenviron will deliver the balance-
of-plant civil and electrical works along 
with the workers’ accommodation facility, with Vestas supplying and installing the 
wind turbines. Work is expected to be 
completed by the end of 2027. 
During the year, Melchor secured a 
multidisciplinary construction contract 
with Mid West Ports Authority as part of the Geraldton Port Maximisation Project,  
a WA Government initiative aimed at 
increasing the Port’s capacity. 
Subsequent to year end, McConnell 
Dowell Constructors and B.M.D. Constructions in a Joint Venture awarded 
Monadelphous a contract to provide 
electrical and instrumentation works associated with the Fitzroy to Gladstone 
Pipeline in Central Queensland. 
Monadelphous’ scope of work is expected to be completed in late 2025.OUTLOOK 
Despite a lower forecast for iron ore prices, production rates in iron ore are 
expected to be at least maintained and 
will support the continued investment in new projects.  
Demand for energy transition metals is 
showing signs of improvement, with 
long-term mining and mineral processing 
development, including copper and critical minerals, projected to increase, requiring 
substantial capital investment.  
The energy sector continues to provide 
significant opportunities, including several 
gas construction projects. 
Customer decarbonisation activities are 
driving a significant pipeline of near 
term prospects.  
Zenviron remains well placed to capitalise 
on opportunities in wind farms and battery energy storage sectors, in support of 
Australia’s Net Zero emissions objective.  
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
25 MONADELPHOUS  | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT

=== Page 36 ===
SECTION HEADSustainability
Monadelphous focuses on achieving long-term sustainable growth, building on 
its reputation for being a great company to work for, work with and invest in. 
The Company is committed to the safety and wellbeing of its people, delivering 
strong outcomes for customers and shareholders, and contributing positively to 
the communities in which it operates.OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
PEOPLE
Our people are the key to our success. We are committed to retaining, attracting 
and developing people who are highly competent, live the Monadelphous values 
and actively contribute to the long-term success of the business. We foster a safe, 
inclusive and respectful workplace where people of all backgrounds, skills and cultures can work together collaboratively, and reach their full potential.  
Our actions reflect high standards of conduct.
ENVIRONMENT 
We care for the environment and commit to minimising the environmental impact of our operations and working towards our goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050.  
We pursue opportunities to leave a lasting positive legacy.SAFETY AND WELLBEING
We are committed to the safety and wellbeing of everyone working  
in connection with our activities. We believe that all injuries are 
preventable, and our goal is zero harm. The Safe Way is the Only Way .
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS DELIVERY 
We build, maintain and improve our customers’ operations through the reliable 
delivery of safe, innovative, cost-effective and customer-focused solutions. We take 
a long-term approach to our relationships and maintain high levels of governance 
and ethics in everything we do. We deliver strong financial performance, generating long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. We Deliver What We Promise .
COMMUNITIES
We actively engage with our local communities, providing opportunities for local people and businesses and are committed to leaving a positive legacy within the 
communities where we work.SUSTAINABILITY AT MONADELPHOUS
35 MONADELPHOUS  | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT

=== Page 38 ===
SECTION HEAD
such as mental health and women’s 
health. The Company also launched its 
latest program with the Resilience 
Project, “Authentic Connection”, in which 
leaders shared their personal reflections on vulnerability, perfectionism and 
passion, encouraging employees to 
recognise the value of genuine human connection in building strong 
relationships, positive company culture 
and mental wellbeing. 
During the year, the Company reviewed its 
approach to managing psychosocial risks, developing a strategy that not only meets 
compliance requirements but also 
meaningfully enhances employee wellbeing and resilience.  
Monadelphous was recognised for its 
commitment to safety and innovation, with Melchor receiving multiple awards at 
the Mates in Construction WA Awards 
and the Western Australian Civil 
Construction Industry and Training 
Awards. Alevro was acknowledged with 
awards from the Crane Industry Council of Australia. Monadelphous was also 
named a finalist across several categories 
of awards by the Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety, 
the NSCA Foundation National Safety 
Awards of Excellence, and the Workplace Health and Safety (WHS) Foundation 
Awards of Excellence. 
Diversity and inclusion  
Monadelphous remains focused on 
actively increasing diversity and inclusion, 
as well as fostering a strong, welcoming 
and collaborative workplace culture.   
INDIGENOUS ENGAGEMENT 
The Company commenced the renewal of its Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan after 
exceeding all current commitments.  
Monadelphous’ Aboriginal and Torres 
Strait Islander workforce participation rate 
was 3.5 per cent at year end, reflecting the Company’s focus on creating long-
term employment opportunities and 
delivering meaningful training and development programs for Indigenous 
people. Career pathways for current and 
future Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander employees were supported through 
traineeships, apprenticeships and the 
Indigenous Pathways Program in partnership with Rio Tinto. The Company also extended its partnership with the Polly Farmer 
Foundation for a further two years, helping 
to provide industry pathways for students and alumni.   
Monadelphous continued its support for 
Indigenous businesses, spending more 
than $27 million with Indigenous suppliers 
during the period, an increase of 35 per cent on the previous year.  
GENDER DIVERSITY AND 
INCLUSION 
The Company completed consultations 
across the business and with industry 
leaders to ensure it is well-informed ahead 
of renewing its Gender Diversity and Inclusion Plan. The renewed plan will 
focus on fostering a culture of inclusion 
and accountability, ensuring a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace for all, 
providing meaningful career pathways for 
women through targeted training, coaching and support, and developing 
emerging and high-potential female talent. 
Monadelphous celebrates International 
Women’s Day each year across its sites 
and offices, showcasing individual career journeys and highlighting the support and 
development opportunities available to 
employees. The outstanding contributions of Monadelphous’ female employees were 
recognised in the 2025 Women in 
Resources Awards, winning the Outstanding Tradeswoman in the Northern 
Territory (NT), as well as winning a finalist 
nomination in Western Australia (WA). 
Community 
Monadelphous remains committed to creating a positive impact in the regions 
where it operates, and enriching the 
communities where its people live and work.                                 
During the year, the Company expanded 
its Community Grants Program to support a broader range of community and 
grassroots organisations across the 
Karratha, Darwin and Bunbury regions. This expansion more than doubled the 
number of grants awarded compared to 
the previous year. In total, the Company supported over 110 community 
organisations and grant recipients, 
contributing approximately $250,000 in funding and in-kind support, along with 
volunteer hours to local community 
support organisations. The Company also continued to work with its community partner, Starick 
Foundation, hosting employee education 
sessions highlighting the importance of supporting people impacted by domestic 
and family violence. 
Environment 
Monadelphous continues to progress 
initiatives aligned with its goal of Net Zero 
emissions by 2050, including trialling 
electric utility vehicle options and increasing the number of hybrid and 
electric vehicles across the business. 
Site-based trials of a hybrid power solution involving a diesel generator augmented 
with a battery electric storage system OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
37 MONADELPHOUS  | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT