=== Table 1 (page 14) ===
Material topics,Commitments,2025 key achievements
,,Completed qualitative climate scenario analysis
Environmental health,Continue to strengthen,
and climate change,disclosure of how we,
,,Continued preparation for mandatory climate
,respond to climate,
Understand and address,,"disclosures, which are required from our FY26"
,change and collaborate,
climate change as it,,reporting year
,to reduce environmental,
impacts the health sector,,
,impacts,
and reduce our impact,,
on the environment,,
,,We met our Net Zero target for Scope 1 and 2
,Progress against short,
,,"emissions,2 which we set in FY21, aligned to our"
,and medium-term,
,,business structure at the time3
,Net Zero targets1,
,,GreenPower® for 100% of electricity consumed3
,,Re-baselined our FY21 GHG emissions to include
,,"Myhealth, preparing us to reassess Net Zero targets"
,,and our decarbonisation pathway
,,Certified carbon neutral under the Australian
,Maintain carbon,
,,Government’s Climate Active program for our
,neutral certification,
,,"business operations’ Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions4"
,"for our Scope 1, 2",
,and 3 emissions,

=== Table 2 (page 14) ===
,neutral certification
,"business operations’ Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions4"
,"for our Scope 1, 2"
,and 3 emissions
1.,"Medibank’s Net Zero targets were set in FY21, when our Board-endorsed pathway was announced, and therefore do not include Myhealth or other"
,acquisitions since FY21
2.,Medibank’s short term Net Zero target was reached through decarbonisation and offsetting residual emissions (2.55% of the baseline Scope 1 and 2
,"emissions) with carbon removals from Delta Blue Carbon, carbon removal project"
3.  Does not include Myhealth or other acquisitions since FY21,
4.,"Climate Active certification is a separate commitment to Net Zero targets. Climate Active allows the purchase of carbon offsets and removals, in addition"
,"to direct emissions reductions to achieve this certification. While not equivalent to direct emissions reduction, we consider carbon offsets are a way of"
,"ensuring we remain accountable for our emissions while we progress our Net Zero targets. Carbon neutrality covers Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions associated"
,"with Medibank’s business operations, including Myhealth"

=== Table 3 (page 18) ===
Progress against short and,"As part of our Net Zero pathway, as at 30 June this year, we"
medium-term Net Zero targets,"met our Net Zero target for Scope 1 and 2 emissions, set in"
,"FY21, aligned to our business structure at the time.1 To reach"
,the target we successfully transitioned the Amplar Health’s
Metrics and targets,
,vehicle fleet to hybrid models and offset residual emissions
Our Net Zero pathway was established in FY21 and is based,
,(2.55% of the baseline Scope 1 and 2 emissions) through Carbon
on Medibank Group’s business-as-usual operations at that,
,Removal projects.2 Hybrid vehicles provide our mobile nursing
time and doesn’t account for any future partnership or,
,and allied team with the range and flexibility to safely drive
investment activity.,
,to patients in metro and rural areas and GreenPower®
,for 100% of electricity consumed to reach the target.

=== Table 4 (page 18) ===
,Scope 1 and 2 emissions,Scope 3 emissions,emissions and offset residual
,,,emissions with removals
Strategy,•  transition to 100%,•  reduce Scope 3 emissions,•  continue to engage with key
to deliver,renewable energy across,generated from purchased goods,suppliers about
,our operations,and services by engaging with,meeting their own
,,key suppliers to decarbonise,decarbonisation commitments
,•  moved to new Melbourne,,
,,their own operations in line with,
,office with 6-star Green,,
,,,•  balance any residual emissions
,,climate science,
,Star design – in July,,
,,,through certified carbon
,"2024, supplied by 100%",,
,,•  strengthen sustainable,removal projects aligned with
,renewable energy,,
,,procurement practices to,the Sustainable Development
,,work with lower or zero carbon,Goals we support that benefit the
,,suppliers; implement Net Zero,community and the planet
,,travel and accommodation,
,,initiatives for employees and,
,,utilise lower or zero carbon goods,
,,and services,

=== Table 5 (page 18) ===
,initiatives for employees and
,utilise lower or zero carbon goods
,and services
1.,"Medibank’s Net Zero targets were set in FY21, when our Board-endorsed pathway was announced, and therefore do not include Myhealth or other"
,acquisitions since FY21
2.,"In alignment with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Corporate Net-Zero Standard, we applied a removals-based approach to address residual"
,"emissions, those emissions that remain after all feasible abatement measures have been implemented. We calculated total FY21 baseline Scope 1 and 2"
,emissions and identified the portion of residual Scope 1 emissions in FY25 that were addressed through carbon removal purchased from Verra-certified
,projects in accordance with the Verified Carbon Standards (VCS). This accounted for 2.55% of our base year emissions and reflects our commitment to
,balancing unavoidable emissions at the net-zero target year
3.  Myhealth has not been consolidated into Medibank emissions and the baseline has not been re-based,

=== Table 6 (page 19) ===
Re-baseline FY21 GHG emissions,"In contrast, most other Scope 3 categories recorded a"
,"decrease, reflecting improvements in data accuracy, reduced"
In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate,
,"travel, and sustainability initiatives driven predominantly by"
Accounting and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol) and,
,our move to our new Melbourne office.
"in preparation for mandatory reporting under AASB S2,",
"Medibank has re-baselined its FY21 GHG Scope 1, 2 and",
,Myhealth
3 emissions to reflect acquisitions since 2021 and the,
,This is the first year we have included 12 months of emissions
"increased investment in Myhealth.1 As a result, reported",
,information from Myhealth GP clinics in our reporting. We
emissions for baseline year FY21 have increased by 75.9%,
,have improved our methodology for calculating emissions
"to a total of 27,544.1 t CO2-equivalent. Our next step will be",
,across these sites to strengthen the reliability of our Scope 2
to reassess targets and our decarbonisation pathway.,
,reporting.
"Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions",
,The emissions boundary established for Myhealth in 2024 did
"During 2025, our overall Scope 1 emissions were 57.9 t CO2-e,",
,not identify any quantified Scope 1 emission sources. Myhealth
"Scope 2 were 1,532.3 t CO2-e and Scope 3 were",
,Scope 2 emissions were generated from operations across
"30,810.5 t CO2-e. Our overall GHG emissions increased by",
,105 clinics. The increase in Myhealth’s Scope 3 emissions
17% due to a full year reporting of Myhealth operations.,
,was driven by increased procurement activity and a revised
Emissions from the operations of Myhealth are disclosed,
,estimate of emissions from employee commuting.
separately as they do not form part of Medibank’s Net Zero,

=== Table 7 (page 20) ===
,,,Medibank,,,,Myhealth,
,,,,,FY21,,,FY21
"Category, name & scope",,FY253,FY24,FY23,(base year),FY25,FY24,(base year)
Scope 1,,57.9,68.7,71.3,130.5,0,0,0
"Refrigerants, fuel & gas",Scope 1,57.9,68.7,71.3,130.5,0,0,0
Scope 2,,0,"1,290.1","1,575.6","2,139.6","1,532.3","2,471.4","4,435.0"
,Scope 2,,,,,,,
Purchased electricity,(market-based),0,"1,290.1","1,575.6","2,139.6","1,532.3","2,471.4","4,435.0"
Scope 3,,"21,627.2","19,095.5","17,720.4","13,385.2","9,183.3","3,870.2","7,453.8"
Purchased goods,Category 1,"13,127.1","10,048.8","10,815.7","6,557.1","1,904.9","1,209.3","2,547.6"
& services,,,,,,,,
Capital goods,Category 2,"2,654.5","1,755.8",612.1,0,509.7,327.4,0
Fuel & energy,Category 3,14.6,176.1,223.8,246.9,208.1,305.1,511.7
related activities,,,,,,,,
Upstream transportation,Category 4,254.0,324.9,663.4,662.3,0,0.5,0.6
& distribution,,,,,,,,
Waste generated,Category 5,109.9,164.4,93.1,183.6,692.0,84.7,305.8
in operations,,,,,,,,
Business travel,Category 6,"2,229.3","2,856.9","2,262.8","1,537.9",0,0,0
Employee commuting,Category 7,"1,962.3","2,226.1","2,048.9","2,793.8","2,219.7",264.4,"1,033.8"
Upstream leased,Category 8,"1,275.5","1,160.5",959.6,"1,403.6","3,648.9","1,678.8","3,054.3"
assets,,,,,,,,
Downstream,Category 9,0,40.1,41.0,0,0,0,0
transportation,,,,,,,,
& distribution,,,,,,,,
Downstream,Category 13,0,341.9,0,0,0,0,0
leased assets,,,,,,,,
Total,,"21,685.2","20,454.3","19,367.3","15,655.3","10,715.6","6,341.6","11,888.8"
Per full time employee4,,5.91,6.4,6,4.6,N/A,N/A,N/A

=== Table 8 (page 27) ===
"•  Enquiries of management and, where relevant, third-party service providers to Medibank regarding"
"the assumptions, greenhouse gas emission factors and conversion factors applied within the"
calculations of the Subject Matter Information;
•  Undertaking analytical procedures over the Subject Matter Information and the underlying activity
data utilised within its preparation;
"•  Reconciliation of the Subject Matter Information to underlying data sources and calculations, on a"
sample basis;
"•  Testing the calculations of the Subject Matter Information, including limited substantive testing of"
activity data utilised within the calculations to third-party records and other relevant underlying
"information, on a sample basis; and"
•  Consideration of the disclosure and presentation of the Subject Matter Information and the Criteria.
We have also performed procedures regarding the application of renewable energy certificates within the
"calculation of Total Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions (market-based), encompassing the sourcing of"
"GreenPower® products.  We have not, however, performed any procedures regarding the external"
"providers of GreenPower® products acquired or the associated renewable energy certificates, and express"
no conclusion about whether these represent renewable electricity generated or displaced.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
conclusion.
Inherent limitations
"Non-financial data may be subject to more inherent limitations than financial data, given both its nature"
"and the methods used for determining, calculating and estimating such data. The precision of different"
measurement techniques may also vary. The absence of a significant body of established practice on
"which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable,"
evaluation and measurement techniques that can affect comparability between entities and over time.
"In addition, greenhouse gas emissions quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because of"
evolving knowledge and information to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine
emissions of different gases.
The limited assurance conclusion expressed in this report has been formed on the above basis.

=== Table 9 (page 30) ===
Metric or term,FY25 reporting criteria or definition
Carbon offset,Trading mechanism for greenhouse gas emissions released by activities to be compensated by
,"acquiring or generating, and then surrendering offset units generated by projects that reduce,"
,avoid or remove emissions from the atmosphere.
Carbon removals,Direct removal of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere. It excludes activities that avoid or
,reduce emissions. Results in the physical removal of carbon from the atmosphere in a long-term
,"storage in stable form, from both natural or technical pathways."
Certified carbon neutral,Climate Active is an Australian Government initiative that certifies businesses that meet its
,"criteria for ‘carbon neutrality’. Under the Australian Government’s Climate Active program,"
,"we are certified carbon neutral for our business operations’ Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. The"
,boundary applied for our carbon neutral certification excludes financed emissions in relation
,to our investment portfolio and any other emissions sources which do not meet the Climate
,Active Relevance Test Principles.
Climate change,"Long-term shifts in climate and weather patterns, including rising temperatures driven and"
,amplified by human activities primarily through burning fossil fuels that release heat-trapping
,gases. Shifts can also be from natural causes such as volcanic eruptions and changes in the
,sun’s activities.
Climate scenario analysis,Analysis undertaken for Medibank against two IPCC scenarios: SSP1-1.9 a 1.5 degree warming
,"scenario, representing a Net Zero Transition pathway, and SSP5-8.5 a 4.4 degree warming"
,"scenario, representing a Hot House World scenario. These scenarios were selected to reflect"
,divergent climate futures and to assess both transition and physical risks. SSP1-1.9 aligns with the
,latest international climate agreements and provides insight into climate-related transition risks
,"and opportunities in a low-emissions future, while SSP5-8.5 explores a high-emissions trajectory"
,with limited mitigation which explored climate related physical risks.
Climate-related,Risks that arise from efforts to transition to a lower-carbon economy. Transition risks include
transition risks,"policy, legal, technological, market and reputational risks. These risks could carry financial"
,"implications for an entity, such as increased operating costs or asset impairment due to new or"
,amended climate-related regulations. The entity's financial performance could also be affected
,by shifting consumer demands and the development and deployment of new technology.
Climate-related,Risks resulting from climate change that can be event-driven (acute physical risk) or from
physical risks,longer-term shifts in climatic patterns (chronic physical risk). Acute physical risks arise from
,"weather-related events such as storms, floods, drought or heatwaves, which are increasing in"
,severity and frequency. Chronic physical risks arise from longer-term shifts in climatic patterns
,"including changes in precipitation and temperature which could lead to sea level rise, reduced"
,"water availability, biodiversity loss and changes in soil productivity. These risks could carry"
,"financial implications for an entity, such as costs resulting from direct damage to assets or"
,indirect effects of supply-chain disruption. The entity's financial performance could also be
,"affected by changes in water availability, sourcing and quality; and extreme temperature"
,"changes affecting the entity's premises, operations, supply chains, transportation needs and"
,employee health and safety.
Climate-related,Climate-related opportunities refers to the potential positive effects arising from climate change
opportunities,for an entity. Efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change can produce climate-related
,opportunities for an entity.
Employees,"Permanent, fixed-term and casual employees of the Medibank Group as at the end of the"
,reporting period.
Employees who,The number of employees who took approved paid and/or unpaid parental leave during the
took parental leave,reporting period.
Employees with,Number of employees who self-identified as having a disability or accessibility requirement via
a disability %,Medibank's employee engagement survey as a percentage of total respondents to the survey.

=== Table 10 (page 31) ===
Metric or term,FY25 reporting criteria or definition
eNPS – Products,"The average employee net promoter score (eNPS) across 3 surveys conducted in FY25 (October,"
and Services,"February, May). Employees respond to the question “How likely is it you would recommend our"
,"organisation’s health services, programs or insurance products to friends and family?” on a"
,scale from 0-10. eNPS is determined by deducting the % of employees who are “detractors”
,(scoring 6 or less) from the % of employees who are “promoters” (scoring 9 or 10). Reported
,"result is the average across the 3 surveys in October 2024, February 2025 and May 2025."
Gender pay equity,Medibank’s gender pay equity analysis represents the difference between what women and
,men are paid relative to what the market pays for comparable roles (market reference). The
,total fixed remuneration (base salary + superannuation) for each employee was compared to
,the market reference for their respective position to determine actual pay as a percentage of
,market reference (compa-ratio). Compa-ratios are averaged for male and female employees
,and compared to determine the gender pay equity percentage. A positive number indicates
,that women are paid higher than men relative to the market reference and vice versa.
,"Market data was sourced from the Mercer Total Remuneration Survey (Australia) October 2024,"
,"Aon/Radford April 2025 Survey, PwC 2025 Top 50 Executive Survey, tailored remuneration"
,benchmarking reports and relevant state and federal awards.
,Medibank’s gender pay equity calculation has been based on permanent and fixed-term
,"employees of the Medibank Group as at 30 June 2025, where a relevant market reference for the"
,role of the employee was available. 96% of positions held by permanent and fixed employees
,were able to be benchmarked against a market reference. Data excludes non-executive
,"directors, casual employees and employees who have not responded with a defined gender."
Gender pay gap,Medibank's gender pay gap by employee group is calculated based on total earnings as per
,WGEA methodology. Total earnings correspond to annualised remuneration for the reporting
,"period including fixed and variable remuneration, penalties, and overtime."
,"The gender pay gap, as defined by WGEA, is the difference between the average earnings for"
,"men and women, expressed as a percentage of men's average earnings, within each band of"
,Medibank's job banding framework. A positive number reflects a gap in favour of males.
,"Medibank’s gender pay gap analysis is based on total earnings for permanent, fixed-term and"
,casual employees for the period between 1 April 2024 and 31 March 2025 (WGEA reporting
,"period) excluding the CEO, non-executive directors and employees who have not responded"
,with a defined gender.
Green bond,A fixed-income financial instrument where the proceeds are used by the issuer to fund
,"projects with positive environmental or social benefits (including: wind farms, solar farms,"
,clean transportation and lower-carbon commercial property).
Greenhouse gas,"Represents the total Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (excluding Category 15) greenhouse gas"
emissions (emissions),"emissions reported on an operational control basis, except as otherwise provided, and having"
inventory,regard to the following:
,"1.   The methods used for collating data, performing calculations and presenting the greenhouse"
,gas emissions inventory are in accordance with the following standards:

=== Table 11 (page 33) ===
Metric or term,FY25 reporting criteria or definition
Medibank Group,Medibank Private Limited (ACN 080 890 259) and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
Medinet,Medinet Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 610 094 712).
Myhealth,Myhealth Medical Holdings Pty Limited (ACN 611 390 688) and its subsidiaries.
Net Zero,"Reducing Scope 1, 2 and 3 (excluding financed emissions associated with our investment"
,portfolio) greenhouse gas emissions (or as otherwise stated in this report) to a residual level that
,is consistent with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recommendation of a 1.5°C
,"warming scenario, with any residual emissions in the net zero target year (and thereafter) offset"
,through the permanent removal and storage of carbon from the atmosphere.
Renewable energy,Electricity that is sourced from energy systems which naturally self-replenish at a rate equal to
resources,"or greater than consumption, and which have low or zero greenhouse gas emissions. For the"
,"purposes of Medibank’s reporting, this includes electricity generated from renewable sources"
,"such as wind, solar and hydropower."
Residual emissions,Greenhouse gas emissions that remain after feasible measures have been taken to reduce
,"emissions due to financial, technological or other limitations."
Scope 1 greenhouse,"Direct emissions, consisting primarily of emissions from refrigerants and the combustion of fuels"
gas emissions,directly released from activities the company owns or controls such as fuel consumption across
,"vehicles. Total fuel consumption is based on third party records, including invoices."
Scope 2 greenhouse,"Indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, steam, heating, or cooling."
gas emissions,Medibank’s Scope 2 emissions consist primarily of emissions associated with the consumption
,"of electricity, with the amount of electricity consumed based on third party records, including"
,invoices (supplemented by management estimates based on historical consumption records
,for the facility and/or consumption by similar facilities on a per square metre basis).
,Emissions associated with the provision of heating and cooling to leased assets recognised in
,"Medibank’s FY2025 Financial Report, Statement of Financial Position are reported as Scope 3"
,emissions where:
,"•  Medibank, as the lessee, is not directly billed for the energy needed to generate the heating/"
,cooling by the lessor or an energy retailer;
,•  there is no clear submetering or measurement of the energy consumed to provide the heating/
,cooling to these leased assets; and
,•  Medibank does not have consumption control for heating/cooling to these leased assets
,"Medibank uses a market-based approach as its primary reporting basis for Scope 2 emissions,"
,reflecting its electricity sourcing decisions and its contractual rights to claim specific attributes
,"about the electricity it has consumed at a consolidated level, including:"
,"•  voluntary purchases of renewable electricity, such as Greenpower® or Climate Active Carbon"
,Neutral electricity;
,"•  energy attribute certificates, such as LGCs, which convey a right to claim electricity"
,consumed as zero emissions electricity;
,•  power purchase agreements that may include LGCs associated with generation or bundled
,as part of the agreement;
,•  behind the meter local renewable electricity generation from sources such as solar panels; and
,"•  renewable energy target schemes, such as the Renewable Energy Target Scheme in Australia"
,and other jurisdictional renewable energy targets.
,Medibank purchases LGCs at the end of the financial year for any non-renewable electricity
,consumption across properties that are unable to transition to renewable electricity due to
,feasibility constraints.

=== Table 12 (page 34) ===
Metric or term,FY25 reporting criteria or definition
Scope 3 greenhouse,"Indirect greenhouse gas emissions that occur in a company’s value chain, both upstream"
gas emissions,"and downstream, but not directly owned or controlled by the company. Scope 3 emissions"
,calculations use a hybrid approach with some calculations using consumption amounts and
,others using spend information as activity data measured as either amounts payable on vendor
,invoices that have been approved for payment during the reporting period (Medibank Group) or
,amounts recognised within the general ledger as payable (Myhealth). Activity data is sourced
,from financial records (supplemented by management estimates). Scope 3 greenhouse gas
,emissions are categorised into 15 categories.
Shared Socioeconomic,A set of climate change scenarios developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Pathways (SSPs),"Change which project the social, economic and environmental outcomes of different future"
,greenhouse gas emissions pathways. The scenarios consider the impacts on socio-economic
,"development on climate change mitigation, adaptation and land-use under a range of"
,emissions trajectories.
WGEA methodology,The Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) is an Australian Government statutory agency
,created by the Workplace Gender Equality Act 2012 (Cth). WGEA define gender pay gap as
,the difference between the average earnings for men and women on an annualised full time
,"equivalent basis, expressed as a percentage of men's average earnings as set out in the Gender"
,Pay Gap Analysis Guide For employers' Workplace Gender Equality Agency October 2023.