=== Page 2 ===
About this summary 
Our reports
This summary is part of our Medibank Group suite of reporting for the 2025 financial year –  
1 July 2024 – 30 June 2025. 
You can find more information about our performance in our ESG databook , Annual Report ,  
Corporate Governance Statement , and Full Year Results Investor Presentation  for the 2025 financial  
year. We also include information on our approach to sustainability on the Medibank website .
Sustainability
Summary 2025
Annual
Report 2025
Corporate Governance
Statement 2025
Full year results
2025
Our cover features our Melbourne office building which received a 6-Star Green Star design review rating and aligns 
with universal design principles so that everyone, regardless of age or disability, can use the building without the 
need for specialised or adapted features
Important information
The information contained in this report is general information about Medibank Private Limited (“MPL”) and/or its 
wholly owned subsidiaries (together "Medibank Group") and their activities current as at the date of this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information contained in this report does not include data relating to Myhealth or other 
non-wholly owned entities in which MPL holds an interest. Unless otherwise stated, references to a year are to the 
financial year ending 30 June in that year. References to “Net Zero” and “Net Zero pathway” in the Environmental 
health section, and elsewhere in this report and ESG databook, are based on Medibank Group’s business-as-usual 
operations in 2021, when our Board-endorsed Net Zero pathway was announced, and do not include Myhealth,  
other acquisitions since FY21, any future partnership and investment activity or its investment portfolio. 
This report contains forward-looking statements, including with respect to MPL’s greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction commitments and Net Zero pathway. These statements are provided as a general guide only. They reflect 
expectations which involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which may be beyond MPL’s control, many of 
which are described in the Environmental health section of this report and the Important notice on page 32. These 
factors may impact MPL’s ability to meet climate-related and other commitments and targets expressed or implied 
in this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Selected ESG 
Metrics were subject to independent assurance by PwC. A copy of PwC’s limited assurance report is included on 
page 20 and should be read in conjunction with the Glossary and definitions and the ESG databook. This important 
information should be read together with the Important notice on page 32.

=== Page 14 ===
Environmental health 
Embed environmental sustainability 
into our decision making
Our approach 
Achieving our vision to deliver the best health and wellbeing for 
our customers, our people and our community relies on us doing 
what we can to protect the health of our planet. We recognise 
the science of climate change and we appreciate the impacts it 
can have on human health and the role the health sector needs 
to play in reducing our environmental impact. We are taking steps 
to reduce the environmental impact of our operations and supply 
chain and are committed to transparently sharing our progress.
Material topics Commitments 2025 key achievements
Environmental health 
and climate change
Understand and address 
climate change as it 
impacts the health sector 
and reduce our impact  
on the environmentContinue to strengthen 
disclosure of how we 
respond to climate 
change and collaborate 
to reduce environmental 
impactsCompleted qualitative climate scenario analysis 
Continued preparation for mandatory climate  
disclosures, which are required from our FY26  
reporting year
Progress against short 
and medium-term  
Net Zero targets1 We met our Net Zero target for Scope 1 and 2  
emissions,2 which we set in FY21, aligned to our  
business structure at the time3
GreenPower® for 100% of electricity consumed3
Re-baselined our FY21 GHG emissions to include  
Myhealth, preparing us to reassess Net Zero targets  
and our decarbonisation pathway
Maintain carbon  
neutral certification  
for our Scope 1, 2  
and 3 emissionsCertified carbon neutral under the Australian 
Government’s Climate Active program for our  
business operations’ Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions4
1.  Medibank’s Net Zero targets were set in FY21, when our Board-endorsed pathway was announced, and therefore do not include Myhealth or other 
acquisitions since FY21
2.  Medibank’s short term Net Zero target was reached through decarbonisation and offsetting residual emissions (2.55% of the baseline Scope 1 and 2 
emissions) with carbon removals from Delta Blue Carbon, carbon removal project
3. Does not include Myhealth or other acquisitions since FY21
4.  Climate Active certification is a separate commitment to Net Zero targets. Climate Active allows the purchase of carbon offsets and removals, in addition 
to direct emissions reductions to achieve this certification. While not equivalent to direct emissions reduction, we consider carbon offsets are a way of 
ensuring we remain accountable for our emissions while we progress our Net Zero targets. Carbon neutrality covers Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions associated 
with Medibank’s business operations, including Myhealth
SDGs
Read more about our progress on our website  and ESG databook 2025 Sustainability Summary 2025   11

=== Page 15 ===
Environmental health
Material topic
Environmental health and climate change
Continue to strengthen 
disclosure of how we 
respond to climate change 
and collaborate to reduce 
environmental impacts
Governance
Our Executive Risk Committee 
and the Board’s Risk 
Management Committee have 
oversight of our sustainability 
strategy, monitoring regulatory 
requirements and our exposure 
to emerging sources of risk, 
which in 2025 includes  
climate risks.Sustainability governance structure
Medibank Board
Oversight and approval of sustainability strategy including climate strategy,  
pathways and targets
Risk Management Committee /  
Investment and Capital Committee
Risk Management Committee
Approves our sustainability strategy,  
and monitors progress against our 
climate strategyInvestment and Capital Committee 
Oversees our Responsible Investment 
Policy and management of our lower 
carbon equity portfolio
Executive Risk Committee
Executive oversight of our our sustainability strategy including the management  
of climate risk
Preparing for the Australian Sustainability  
Reporting Standards
In preparation for the Australian Government’s mandatory 
sustainability disclosure regime from the FY26 reporting year, 
we conducted a qualitative scenario analysis of our climate-
related risks and opportunities. This included consideration 
of Myhealth, Medinet and Amplar Health Home Hospital 
(AHHH) which helped us assess the climate-related risks 
and opportunities across our expanded operations. We also 
continued to convene cross-functional working groups to 
ensure engagement across all business units, and to refine  
our roadmap for aligning with disclosure requirements.
Strategy
At Medibank, our vision is to deliver the best health and 
wellbeing for Australia. We know that better health cannot 
occur without consideration of the environment that we live in.
Our strategy
Our sustainability strategy informs our approach to addressing 
environmental and climate issues and is further supported 
by our Medibank External Partners’ and Suppliers’ Code of 
Conduct , Responsible Investment Policy , business continuity 
planning, and greenhouse gas inventory management. 
Our Environmental Policy  outlines our commitment to reduce 
emissions, improve the environmental efficiency of our 
premises and raise awareness of the health impacts of  
climate change. It also details our responsibilities in relation  
to investing, reporting, reducing and offsetting emissions  
and engaging with others we work with.Climate risks and opportunities impacting Medibank
We recognise the risks climate change presents to our customers, 
our people, and our operational and financial performance. 
We also acknowledge the importance of increasing 
transparency of climate-related risks and opportunities to 
promote more informed financial decision making. 
In 2021, we conducted our first climate scenario risk assessment 
as part of our commitment to the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In 2025, to support preparation 
for mandatory climate-related disclosures under the 
Australian Accounting Standards Board Standard 2, Climate-
related disclosure (AASB S2), we engaged external consultants 
to undertake a qualitative climate scenario analysis.
This analysis used 2 of the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways 
(SSPs) defined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC): SSP1-1.9, representing a Net Zero Transition 
pathway, and SSP5-8.5, representing a Hot House scenario. 
These scenarios were selected to reflect divergent climate 
futures and to assess both transition and physical risks. SSP1-
1.9 aligns with the commitments contained within the latest 
international climate agreements and provides insight into 
climate-related transition risks and opportunities in a low-
emissions future, while SSP5-8.5 explores a high-emissions 
trajectory with limited mitigation, which explores climate-
related physical risks.
Global climate scenario narratives were developed for the  
Net Zero Transition and Hot House scenarios, accompanied  
by scenario metrics. These scenarios were further refined to 
make them bespoke to Medibank’s operations and investments.
Sustainability Summary 2025   12

=== Page 16 ===
Environmental health
The scenario analysis was qualitative and based on publicly 
available data sources from the IPCC and the Network for 
Greening the Financial System (NGFS). Key assumptions 
included current and emerging climate-related policies in 
Australia, macroeconomic trends, regional climate variables, 
energy mix and usage, and developments in healthcare-
related technologies. The analysis considered potential 
impacts across Medibank’s healthcare services, private health 
insurance operations, and broader value chain. It identified 
areas of possible disruption that may affect our strategy, 
business model and risk profile. For both scenarios, focus was 
placed on Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria due  
to the high concentration of our operations in these states.  
The outcomes of the IPCC SSP scenarios in New Zealand  
and the United States were also considered due to their 
similarities in location (New Zealand) and economic structure 
(United States).We acknowledge there are significant uncertainties in assessing 
our climate resilience, including with respect to the pace of 
policy change, technological advancement, and the timing 
and severity of physical climate impacts. We plan to consider 
these uncertainties in the next phase of our assessment, 
which will include financial quantification and further scenario 
analysis. A stress test of our strategic and financial resilience 
is planned for 2026 and aims to assess our capacity to adapt 
over the short, medium and long term, including the flexibility 
of our financial resources and the role of current and planned 
investments in climate mitigation and adaptation.
We plan to continue to use both qualitative and quantitative 
scenario analysis to understand the impacts of climate-
related risks and opportunities across our operations, strategy 
and financial planning. We also plan to evaluate our emissions 
targets and climate scenarios regularly to consider any changes 
in our operations as well as adapt to the changing environment. 
Overview of Medibank’s climate scenarios
Scenario 1   
Net Zero transition
This scenario explores significant transition risks and 
opportunities as the world embarks on a transformative 
journey towards a sustainable future. It envisions a rapid 
shift to a low-carbon economy, driven by the collective 
efforts of governments, businesses, and consumers. 
Decarbonisation rates soar as coordinated emissions 
reductions actions and interventions take centre stage.+1.5°C temperature 
alignment 
2100
SSP1-1 .9 
Global scenario alignment
Orderly Net Zero 2050
NGFS scenario alignment2.4 Gt CO 2/yr 
Global GHG in 2050
1.0 – 1 .8°C
Global temperature 
increase by end of century
Relevant climate risk types
Transition risks and opportunities
Key characteristics
Significant transformation of the economy  
due to the shift away from fossil fuels
Improvements in education and health  
worldwide, contributing to reduction of  
global inequalitiesScenario 2  
Hot house
This scenario explores physical risks to inform 
understanding of the more pronounced impacts of 
physical climate hazards, which increase towards the  
end of the century. The world faces unprecedented 
changes to social, economic, and technological trends. 
Erratic development and income growth cause severe 
setbacks in many regions, with less socio-economically 
mature nations especially affected.+4.4°C temperature 
alignment 
2100
SSP5-8.5 
Global scenario alignment
Hot house current 
policies
NGFS scenario alignment84.7 Gt CO 2/yr 
Global GHG in 2050
3.3 – 5 .7°C
Global temperature 
increase by end of century
Relevant climate risk types
Physical risks
Key characteristics
Continued reliance on fossil fuels, with potential  
increases in heat-related cardiovascular  
stress and stress on health system
Severe weather events, sea-level rise,  
and ecosystem degradation
Sustainability Summary 2025   13