=== Page 4 ===
Environment
Climate Change
Climate Governance
Board and Board Committees
Macquarie’s Board, in accordance with its Charter, reviews and 
approves Macquarie’s Risk Appetite Statement  and Risk 
Management Strategy , and monitors material risks faced by 
Macquarie and reviews how they are managed. This includes 
specific consideration for climate risk.
The Board annually considers and approves the strategies and 
business plans of our Operating and Central Service Groups, 
which include the risks and opportunities pertaining to the energy 
transition and climate change where relevant. The Board are 
informed by management on the development, progress 
and delivery of related targets and approve related 
disclosures annually.
The BGCC, in accordance with its Charter, assists the Board by 
reviewing and monitoring Macquarie’s environmental and social 
risk management policies, practices and performance, which 
includes climate-related matters. The BGCC receives climate-
related reporting from management at least twice a year, which 
includes updates on Macquarie’s management of climate risk.
Board and Board Committee members’ skills are regularly 
assessed. Sustainability Governance is one of the skills included in 
the Board Skills Matrix. Board members are also supported 
throughout the year with workshops and training on topical, 
emerging business and governance issues, which included 
sustainability reporting in FY2025.
Further details on Macquarie’s Board and Board Committees is on 
pages 36-52 in the Corporate Governance Statement of this 
Annual Report.
Management Committees
Macquarie’s Executive Committee and Executive Risk Committee 
act as executive advisory bodies for climate-related initiatives 
across Macquarie, receiving periodic updates on progress and 
providing guidance on next steps.Related functions
To support the Board and Senior Management with their 
responsibilities and drive progress, Macquarie has a centralised Net 
Zero and Climate Risk Program (the Program). Reporting to the 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and led by the Head of Net Zero and 
Climate Risk, the central Program team provides a coordinated 
approach to climate across Macquarie.
During the year, the Program was supported by the Net Zero and 
Climate Risk Steering Group. This body included senior 
representatives from across Operating and Central Service Groups, 
who were responsible for driving outcomes and recommending 
decisions relevant to the Program. The Steering Group provided 
support to the Board and Senior Management in decision-making 
and acted as an escalation body for key organisation-wide working 
groups, primarily the:
• Financed Emissions Working Group, which focused on the 
development of approaches, methodologies, frameworks and 
data governance related to financed emissions; and
• Climate Risk Working Group, which focused on driving the 
continued operationalisation and embedment of climate risk 
across Macquarie’s frameworks, policies and procedures.
Macquarie’s commitment to reach net zero emissions in its own 
business operations (Scope 1 and Scope 2), and reduce upstream 
Scope 3 emissions (Categories 1 to 8), is managed by Macquarie’s 
Corporate Operations Group (COG) in line with Macquarie’s 2025 
Sustainability Plan, and commitments beyond 2025.2 COG has a 
dedicated governance model to support this work, reporting into 
Macquarie’s Chief Operating Officer.
Link between climate considerations and 
remuneration outcomes
Relevant sustainability measures, including those pertaining to 
climate, are considered in the assessment of each Executive 
Key Management Personnel’s (KMP) performance by the Board 
and the Board Remuneration Committee. Commentary on 
sustainability considerations relevant to specific Executive 
KMP is on pages 126-135 in the Remuneration Report of this 
Annual Report.Sustainability Report
Continued
642 Further information on Macquarie’s approach to net zero for Scopes 1 and 2 can be found in the FY2025 Basis of Preparation for Sustainability Reporting. A summary of progress 
against 2025 Sustainability Plan targets and ongoing commitments can be found at macquarie.com/sustainability-in-own-business-operations .

=== Page 5 ===
Climate Strategy
For more than two decades, Macquarie has worked in close 
partnership with stakeholders in the public and private sectors 
to support the energy transition and advance solutions to 
climate challenges.
This is an important area of activity for Macquarie, and its 
businesses are continuing to work to develop practical solutions 
for its clients and communities, including:
• investing in climate mitigation, supporting the deployment of 
renewables at scale and newer technologies that are critical to 
the transition, including batteries, hydrogen, sustainable 
aviation fuel and solutions to reduce emissions across 
agriculture, waste, transportation and real estate
• investing in adaptation approaches to build the resilience of 
essential infrastructure to climate change impacts
• supporting Macquarie’s portfolio companies in developing and 
implementing net zero plans
• supporting Macquarie’s clients as the leading global advisor on 
renewable energy transactions3
• providing critical risk and capital solutions to commodity and 
energy suppliers, helping clients with compliance and voluntary 
carbon markets, and supporting the scaling-up of clean fuels 
and carbon capture and storage.
Macquarie also believes that the transition must be managed, 
orderly and just. Macquarie continues to support carbon-intensive 
industries to reduce their emissions and continue to work with oil 
and gas companies, in recognition that much of the world will 
depend on carbon-intensive industries for a period as mitigation 
solutions are implemented.Since 2022, Macquarie has been working to combine the global 
renewables expertise of Macquarie’s Green Investments team with 
fiduciary capital entrusted to MAM, thereby providing access to 
larger pools of capital that in turn will allow it to support projects 
on a larger scale. The gradual transition of MAM Green 
Investments’ assets off Macquarie’s balance sheet is ongoing, 
as is fundraising for a range of funds targeting climate solutions.
In 2022, Macquarie set out its strategy on Net Zero and updated it 
in 2023. Those principles continue to guide activity as Macquarie’s 
climate strategy evolves to meet the needs of its clients and the 
requirements of governments and regulators, which differ across 
markets. The Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) helped develop 
global frameworks and assisted member banks as they established 
their initial decarbonisation plans. With those building blocks now 
in place, like many peers, Macquarie is no longer a member of 
NZBA, as it focuses on updating and delivering its plans and 
reporting in line with regulatory requirements.
Macquarie continues to progress against its existing emissions 
targets, for its own business operations as well as its financed 
emissions. Further details are on pages 68-74 in the Climate 
Metrics & Targets section of this Sustainability Report.
As Macquarie’s global regulators release guidance related to the 
supervision of reporting prepared under regulatory requirements, 
and industry standards form, Macquarie will continue to 
assess and adapt its approaches in line with expectations 
and requirements.
About Governance Directors’ Report Financial Report Further Information
Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries 2025 Annual Report 653 In February 2025, Macquarie Capital was ranked No.1 Global Energy Transition Financial Adviser by inspiratia for the 2024 calendar year by deal value. There can be no assurance that 
other providers would reach the same conclusions.

=== Page 7 ===
Scenario analysis
Macquarie has an established climate scenario analysis process 
and executes climate scenario analysis regularly to help identify 
and assess climate-related risks and opportunities over the short, 
medium and long term.
Scenarios
Macquarie considers a range of science-based scenarios when 
conducting climate scenario analysis, including internationally 
recognised scenarios such as from The Network for Greening the 
Financial System (NGFS). In FY2025, Macquarie conducted 
transition risk scenario analysis for oil/gas, utilities, metals and 
mining, and transportation sector credit exposures in the CGM 
business,5 considering the following scenarios:
Scenario Hot House World Disorderly Transition
Scenario 
descriptionScenario based on 
Nationally Determined 
Contributions (NDCs), 
representing a business-
as-usual baseline for 
comparisonScenario reflecting a world 
in which transition risk may 
be significant due to 
unanticipated policy 
changes
Data input • NGFS NDCs scenario • NGFS short-term 
scenario narrative
• NGFS delayed transition 
scenario, fast-forwarded 
and with additional 
bespoke shocks6
End of 
century 
warmingHigh-warming scenario 
(2.4°C)Low-warming scenario 
(1.4°C)
Scenario time horizons
The time horizon used for the scenarios spanned from 2024 to 
2030. This was chosen to better align with the business strategy 
planning horizon and to account for the relatively short tenor of 
the in-scope portfolio, ensuring that insights from the scenario 
analysis are relevant to the decision-making processes.Transition risk models
The process of determining transition risk models for the in-scope 
sectors involved adapting business-as-usual credit risk models to 
reflect sector-specific transition risk channels, considering 
historical trends and carbon price sensitivities.
Macquarie evaluated credit risk metrics as well as the potential 
short-term impact on derivatives contracts to identify areas of risk 
that might emerge due to policy-driven commodity volatility.
Scenario findings
Macquarie’s analysis suggested that the impact of transition risk 
on in-scope sectors could be highly variable among regions, partly 
driven by variance in regional energy transition policies and 
uncertainties around the impact of carbon prices.7 However, the 
level of adverse impact was less severe than those from the 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process Stress Testing, 
which considered multiple short-term, severe but plausible, 
macroeconomic stresses. This suggests that Macquarie’s business 
model remains resilient in the short to medium term under the 
applied climate scenarios assumptions.
About Governance Directors’ Report Financial Report Further Information
Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries 2025 Annual Report 675 In-scope exposures are all credit exposures (including wholesale loans, derivatives, trade receivables and contingents) within the CGM portfolio for the selected sectors.
6 Key source of shocks may include, but are not limited to: high level of uncertainty related to fossil energy supply resulting in high volatility in the energy market; unanticipated 
carbon tax policy disrupting the profitability forecast for high greenhouse gas (GHG) emission sectors; and a confidence crisis due to financial turmoil as a consequence of 
stranded assets.
7 These uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the timing and coverage of regional carbon price policies implementation; the trend and the magnitude of carbon prices 
movement among regions; and the level of carbon price burden that could be passed on from producers to consumers.

=== Page 8 ===
Climate Metrics and Targets
Progress in managing the emissions of Macquarie’s own business operations8
Net zero emissions in FY2025 for Scopes 1 and 2
Macquarie has now achieved its commitment to net zero 
emissions in its own business operations for Scope 1 and 2 by 
FY2025. This commitment was delivered by improving energy 
efficiency within Macquarie’s premises, reducing electricity use by 
34% compared to the FY2014 baseline, and purchasing 100% 
renewable electricity in line with Macquarie’s RE100 commitment, 
to deliver a 98% reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 emissions since 
FY2020. Macquarie offsets all Scope 1 residual emissions, that 
are difficult to abate, using carbon removal units with 
longer term storage, in line with industry guidance on credible 
carbon offsets.9,10Scope 1 and 2 emissions and total energy use11,12
Emissions in tCO2e Energy use in terajoules
477 465 343 385 415 48229,767
22,121
0 0 0 0
Scope 1 emissions (Left scale)
Scope 2 emissions (Left scale)
Total energy use (Right scale)FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25010,00020,00030,000
125150175200
Macquarie’s own business operations Scope 3 upstream emissions
Macquarie continues to measure and manage emissions for the Scope 3 Categories 1 to 6 and 8, in its business operational value chain, and has 
established commitments for the most material categories as listed below.
Scope 3 business operations emissions by Category
Category FY2020 baseline (tCO2e) FY2025 (tCO2e)
Category 1: Purchased goods and services13137,030 164,983
Category 2: Capital goods Included in Category 1
Category 3: Fuel and energy-related activities 4,054 3,526
Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution Included in Category 1
Category 5: Waste generated in operations 112 223
Category 6: Business travel 67,141 59,164
Category 7: Employee commuting Commenced methodology development
and collection of baseline data
Category 8: Upstream leased assets Included in Category 1
Total (Categories 1-6 & 8) 208,337 227,896
Sustainability Report
Continued
688 “Own business operations” excludes emissions associated with operationally segregated subsidiaries (OSS).
9Unless otherwise stated, all Scope 2 emissions related to Macquarie’s own business operations have been calculated using the market-based methodology as described by the GHG 
Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. PwC has provided limited assurance over this metric and Scope 1 emissions as detailed in the PwC independent assurance report available within 
Macquarie’s FY2025 Basis of Preparation for Sustainability Reporting. This also sets out the reporting boundaries, definitions, and measurement methodologies for the 
assured metrics.
10 Details on how this net zero position was delivered, and the guidance used, can be found in Macquarie’s FY2025 Basis of Preparation for Sustainability Reporting.
11 Increase in Scope 1 emissions in FY2025, compared to prior year, is due primarily to the inclusion of the base building at new global Headquarters at 1 Elizabeth Street, Sydney, 
including refrigerant emissions.
12 Total Energy use for the year ended March 2025 is 159 Terajoules.
13 Scope 3 Categories 1, 2, 4 and 8, are calculated using the spend-based methodology as set out in the GHG Protocol and are directly correlated with the spend with suppliers that is 
processed via Macquarie’s procurement system. This methodology does not take into account any supplier-specific emissions reduction initiatives. Macquarie has restated its 
FY2020 baseline for Scope 3 Categories 1 ,2, 4 and 8 to correct an error in the application of inflation in that year. The restated FY2020 baseline has undergone limited assurance 
and is included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance report.