=== Page 2 ===
Message from Group CEO
The culmination of our expanded Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) agenda, together with the advancements 
made in our disclosures, saw Metcash achieve its highest ever 
result under the Dow Jones Sustainability Index’s Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment (international Food and Staples 
Retailing). Its assessment placed Metcash in the 87th percentile 
of the index, which is a substantial increase from the 69th 
percentile in the prior year.
Pleasingly, we also received a B-rating by the Carbon Disclosure 
Project, a marked increase from previous years. This recognised 
our improved actions towards understanding and addressing 
our climate-related risks and Scope 3 emissions. 
Climate change remains a pressing concern and our consistent 
efforts to mitigate its impacts are evident in our focus on 
energy efficiency and aligning fully to the Taskforce on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We also remain 
committed to adopting the International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB) standards when they become 
applicable for Metcash, which we anticipate is the 2025 
financial year.
Part of our advancements in disclosure includes this year’s 
Sustainability Report being referenced to the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) and related index, in line with the commitment 
we made last year. 
We remain committed to our 2040 net-zero emissions 
reduction target for Scope 1 and 2, and this year reduced 
emissions in line with the trend required to reach our target. 
We commissioned a 782kwp solar system at our main 
distribution centre at Huntingwood (NSW) and will transition 
all our operational control sites to renewable energy by 2025. 
We have committed these same sites to a waste-to-landfill 
avoidance target of 80% by 2028, addressing what our 
stakeholders have indicated is their second-most material issue. 
I believe that independent retailers are a national treasure 
and should be supported to continue to add materially to the 
Australian economy and society. Championing Successful 
Independents is our purpose, and our strategy. Their 
unwavering support for local communities and the vital role 
they play was evidenced in a recently commissioned economic 
report on IGA. It found that IGA supports ~34,000 local organisations with 
$194m of financial, time and in-kind support. Since 2010 more 
than 25,000 donations have been made to local grassroots 
organisations and national charity partners totalling more 
than $37m.
Another significant milestone this year was the establishment 
of a sustainable finance facility of $525m, linking finance costs 
with our sustainability credentials.
Our fight against modern slavery continues to be a priority. 
We are committed to ensuring that our supply chains are 
ethical, and we are continuing to work closely with our partners 
to address any concerns in this area.
The safety, wellbeing and growth of our people remain at the 
forefront. Our initiatives in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
and our efforts to foster a safe working environment are 
reflective of this commitment. Pleasingly, we received our 
fifth consecutive citation as an employer of choice by the 
Gender Equality Agency Employer of Choice for Gender and 
we have achieved our 40/40/20 target at the Board and Group 
Leadership levels. We also saw a 34% improvement in our key 
safety measure of Total Recordable Frequency Rate.
Going forward, our determination to play a pivotal role in 
creating a sustainable future for all remains unwavering. I am 
optimistic about the path ahead and deeply grateful for the 
collective effort of our people, partners and stakeholders. 
Thank you for being a part of this journey and I trust you find 
this year’s report informative.
Doug Jones  
Group CEOWelcome to our Sustainability 
Report for 2023. As we continue 
the journey towards our vision 
of creating a sustainable future, I 
am proud to share the significant 
achievements made by Metcash 
over the past year.
Highlights Company Initiatives Our Planet Our Community Our People Network Updates Contents2
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 3 ===
Independent retailers are a vital part of their 
local communities. We help them to be the ‘Best 
Store in Their Town’ by providing merchandising, 
operational and marketing support across our 
Food, Liquor and Hardware pillars.
We believe that it is important to Australia that 
there is a sustainable, independent, family -ow
ned 
business sector. Independent retailers support 
their local communities.
Acknowledgement of country
Metcash acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the lands 
on which we live and operate, and we pay our respects to Elders 
past, present and emerging.Metcash is Australia’s leading 
wholesale distribution and 
marketing company. We believe 
that it is important to Australia 
that there is a sustainable, 
independent, family‑owned 
business sector.
2023 Highlights  4
Co
mpany Initiatives  5
Ou
r Planet  8
Our
 People  22
O
ur Community  26
N
etwork Updates  33ContentsIndependence is worth fighting for; in treating our 
people, retailers and suppliers the way we like to be 
treated; and in giving back to the communities where 
we live and work. OUR VALUESOUR PURPOSE
Championing
Successful
Independents
Best store in their town
Passionate about independents
A favourite place to work
Business partner of choice
Creating a sustainable futureSupport thriving communitiesOUR VISIONCreating a 
sustainable 
future
by 2040Net‑zero emissions
80 %
waste to landfill diverted by 2028
100 %
renewable energy by 2025Key Targets3
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023 Highlights Contents Company Initiatives Our Community Our People Network Updates Our Planet

=== Page 4 ===
decrease from FY22  
73,659 tCO 2-epercentile  
(up from 69th)female representation 
at Board level
34% improvement across all operational 
control sitesassessment2023 Highlights
OUR PLANETOVERALL
OUR PEOPLE OUR COMMUNITY
WASTE-TO-LANDFILL DIVERSION 
GOAL BY 2028SUSTAINABILITY FINANCE 
FACILITY ESTABLISHEDENGAGEMENT SURVEY FOODBANK MEALS DONATED
71st50 %
19.9>700 kWp ‘B’>606 k
>1,0005.2%
$525 m87th
80 %DONATIONS THROUGH IGA 
COMMUNITY CHEST PROGRAM
$3.1m
30% increase on FY22
percentile  
of internationally  
benchmarked companies  
(up 9 ppts from FY22)as well as 22t of  
essential grocery items
now available at
network storesTOTAL REPORTABLE INJURY 
FREQUENCY RATE (TRIFR)ACHIEVED INTERIM 2030 EMISSIONS 
TARGET FOR FY23DOW JONES SUSTAINABILITY INDEX 
(DJSI)
SOLAR PV SYSTEM COMMISSIONED 
AT HUNTINGWOODCARBON DISCLOSURE PROJECTGENDER DIVERSITY TARGET 
(40/40/20) ACHIEVED
BATTERY RECYCLING4
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023 Highlights Contents Company Initiatives Our Planet Our Community Our People Network Updates

=== Page 6 ===
Company Initiatives continued
Stakeholders Key Topic Interests Relevant Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Investors  –Transparency, ethics and integrity 
 –GH
G emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Hu
man rights and modern slavery
 –Wa
ste, recycling and circular economy
 –Em
ployee health, safety and wellbeing
 –Su
pply chain resilience and local sourcing
 –Di
versity and inclusion
Employees  –Waste, recycling and circular economy
 –GH
G emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Di
versity and inclusion
 –Hu
man rights and modern slavery
 –Com
munity engagement and impact
 –Re
sponsible procurement
 –Su
pply chain resilience and local sourcing
 –Em
ployee engagement, development and retention
 –Re
tailers’ sustainability performance
Board/Executive  –GHG emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Di
versity and inclusion
 –Cy
ber security and data privacy 
 –Wa
ste, recycling and circular economy
 –Em
ployee engagement, development and retention
 –Su
pply chain resilience and local sourcing
 –Com
munity engagement and impact
 –Re
sponsible procurement
Peers  –GHG emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Di
versity and inclusion
 –Em
ployee health, safety and wellbeing
 –Re
sponsible procurement
 –Wa
ste, recycling and circular economy
 –Bi
odiversity and environmental impact
 –Com
munity engagement and impact
 –Con
sumer health and nutrition
Suppliers  –Waste, recycling and circular economy
 –GH
G emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Hu
man rights and modern slavery
 –Com
munity engagement and impact
 –Re
sponsible procurement
 –Em
ployee health, safety and wellbeing
 –Wa
ter stewardship
Retailers  –Community engagement and impact
 –Wa
ste, recycling and circular economy
 –GH
G emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Em
ployee engagement, development and retention
 –Su
pply chain resilience and local sourcing
Consumers  –Waste, recycling and circular economy
 –GH
G emissions, energy and climate resilience
 –Su
pply chain resilience and local sourcing
 –Di
versity and inclusion
 –Em
ployee health, safety and wellbeing
 –Com
munity engagement and impact6
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023 Highlights Company Initiatives Contents Our Planet Our Community Our People Network Updates

=== Page 7 ===
The link between the KPIs and UN Sustainability Development Goals is shown below.
Metcash sought and secured an independent assessment of the KPIs suitability under the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (SLLP). 
The review concluded that the goals were meaningful and relevant in the context of Metcash’s broader sustainability and business 
strategy, and represented a material improvement over the loan tenure. 
Metcash also underwent a limited assurance over the three KPIs based on our existing reporting periods:
KPI 1  –  Au
stralian financial year National Greenhouse Gas Reporting emissions
KPI 2  –  Ca
lendar year landfill and non-landfill waste
KPI 3  –  To
tal active employees in FY23 with Mental Health First Aid accreditation SUSTAINABILITY LINKED LOAN
A significant achievement in the year was the establishment 
of a sustainable finance facility of $525m.
The facility underpins our commitment to creating a sustainable 
future by establishing a link between our cost of doing business 
and our sustainability credentials. 
The finance facility has key sustainability performance 
indicators (‘ KPIs ’) attached to it which are relevant, core, 
material, and of high strategic significance to our business. 
They are: 
1. An e
missions reduction commitment i.e. emissions to reduce 
in line with our 2030 target 
2. Co
ntinuous improvement in our waste-to-landfill diversion 
rates towards our target of 80% waste diversion by 2028
3. Im
provement in the percentage of total employees receiving 
Mental Health First Aid accreditation UN Sustainability Development Goal Themes Performance Indicators
Environment Affordable and Clean Energy  –Emissions reduction
 –Inc
reasing renewable energy usage
 –Re
ducing waste to landfill
 –Inc
reasing upcycling and recycling –KP I 1
 –KP
I 2
Climate Action
Responsible Production and Consumption
Social Decent Work and Economic Growth  –Employee wellbeing
 –He
alth and Safety –KP I 3Company Initiatives continued7
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023 Highlights Company Initiatives Contents Our Planet Our Community Our People Network Updates

=== Page 8 ===
As Australia’s largest wholesaler, 
we understand the role we play 
in minimising environmental 
and climate impacts across not 
only our own operations, but the 
entire supply chain in which we 
play a part.
Our Corporate Vision includes ‘creating a sustainable future’, 
and this involves working closely with our retailers and their 
communities, as well as suppliers, to mitigate the impact across 
all areas of the business. 
This year represents a milestone for Metcash from a 
climate-related reporting perspective. After three years of 
preparatory work, we now have full coverage and alignment 
to all sections of the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) standard. This was reviewed and confirmed 
by E Y.
The year also included working towards achieving our emissions 
reductions target for Scope 1 and 2, with energy efficiency 
projects and the expansion of solar power at our distribution 
centres being key drivers. 
Beyond our own footprint, we recalculated Scope 3 emissions 
using more recent and expanded data sources and we 
promoted free energy and waste audits for independent 
retail stores within our network. Our Planet
‘B’
FY23 ‘D’
FY20
Carbon Disclosure Project score
>2MWp
Installed Solar Capacity across DC network  73,659  tCO₂-e
Total Emissions
Interim Emissions Target Achieved    
Installation of more energy efficient fridges – IGA, Mt Barker, SA.8
Metcash Sustainability Report 2023 Our Planet Highlights Contents Company Initiatives Our Community Our People Network Updates