=== Page 13 ===
Safety
Whilst the task of Elevating Safety Performance is a 
continuous journey, it is greatly reassuring to see the 
highly positive results of our heightened focus and efforts 
in this critical aspect of our approach to work. Despite the 
market challenges and associated uncertainty creating a 
risk of distractions, our teams have clearly demonstrated 
a strong culture of positive safety behaviour in achieving 
a Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) of 5.09 
as at 30 June 2025 (FY24: 9.85), which has improved 
further post year-end. Our goal remains zero life 
changing injuries, which we achieved in FY25.
 
Underpinning the above improvements has 
been a significant investment in bespoke 
operational leadership training and mentoring, 
together with a sharp focus on critical controls 
and pro-active engagement with our clients. 
Financial performance
Revenue of $214 million, down from $294 million in 
FY24, reflected the external challenges noted above. 
However, this level of activity remained profitable, 
converting into underlying EBITDA of $13.2 million 
(FY24: $29.4 million) and underlying profit before 
tax of $5.4 million (FY24: $15.4 million). Notably, net 
cashflow from operating activities of $16.9 million 
consistent with the prior year (FY24: $17.0 million). Net 
cash of $29.1 million was $7.3 million higher (FY24: 
$21.8 million) further strengthening the Company’s capital resilience, a key differentiator in the current 
market and strategic enabler.
People
Our People and Operations teams have done an 
excellent job managing the material changes in 
headcount during the year with the completion of 
the Integra project in August 2024 and suspension of 
services at Grosvenor mine in September 2024, followed 
in the last quarter of FY25 by a downsizing at Moranbah 
North mine and mobilisation of the large Appin project. 
We completed the year with 640 people (FY24: 882) in 
the team and expectations that this number will grow 
again in the near term.
Whilst competition for people has recently eased with 
market conditions, Mastermyne still seeks to differentiate 
itself to attract the best candidates through offering 
rewarding and challenging roles, coupled with valuable 
training and career opportunities. Aligned with this, 
in March 2025 we launched our Project Leadership 
Essentials program initially targeted at our senior 
operational leaders, but currently being extended 
to encompass our frontline supervisory roles. The 
program is expected to deliver many benefits in addition 
to playing a significant role in our Elevating Safety 
Performance project.
Sustainability
Mastermyne is committed to playing its part in reducing 
carbon emissions and integrating sustainability into 
our operations.
Across the business, whilst we are a relatively low energy 
consumer, we are evaluating our energy use and seeking People and culture remain an important aspect of 
Mastermyne’s focus, and some of our company values, 
including “Keep Together” and “Keep It Real”, go to the 
heart of what makes the company successful.
– Matt Masterson, Project Manager
Mastermyne 
Annual Report 2025
11

=== Page 14 ===
Letter from the Chair and 
Managing Director & CEO (continued)
to reduce our carbon footprint with the use of energy 
efficient devices. As a business, we are also seeking to 
leverage opportunities to assist our clients in achieving 
their goals in relation to emissions and net zero.
Strategic priorities
Looking back twelve months, our main priority was to 
diversify and expand our portfolio of clients and projects 
to mitigate concentration risk. We have made progress 
toward achieving this, with the addition of the Centurion 
and Appin projects. However, this goal remains ongoing 
for FY26.
This year, we are seeking to grow organically at a number 
of projects and further diversify our project portfolio 
through leveraging the Company’s opportunity pipeline, 
deep industry network and well capitalised balance 
sheet, in addition to offering value added specialist 
solutions designed to assist our clients in responding to 
the current market conditions. By way of example, our 
strata consolidation team are focused on developing a 
number of innovative product-led solutions.
We also continue to evaluate inorganic growth 
opportunities identified through our industry 
connections, with a firm focus on strategic fit with our 
core capabilities and sound economics.
Capital management
The Company paid an interim fully franked dividend 
of 0.5 cents per share during the year (FY24: nil). In 
addition, a share buyback of non-marketable parcels was 
completed successfully. 
The Board has resolved to forgo declaring a final 
dividend for the year. While the Board acknowledges 
and respects that this may be challenging for some 
shareholders, given the impact of external events and the 
current market conditions, the Board has prioritised the 
preservation of the Company’s cash balance and working 
capital financing facilities to successfully navigate the current challenging sector conditions and position 
the Company for both organic growth and potential 
inorganic opportunities in the medium term.
Outlook
Mastermyne is in good shape, with a clear view of our 
competitive differentiators, a highly experienced and 
capable workforce, an increased order book, currently 
valued at $314 million, comprising a diversified portfolio 
of profitable projects, and a strong financial foundation. 
However, as stated, our customers are operating in 
a subdued market which has resulted in downward 
margin pressure on our sector. Your Company is focused 
on the areas that it can control, centred on safety, 
disciplined bid management and ongoing fiscal discipline 
positioning the Company to both take advantage of 
opportunities in the current market and be ready for 
future profitable growth.
 
Mastermyne is anticipating revenue growth 
through the Appin project which mobilised 
toward the end of FY25, plus the supply of 
strata consolidation services to Appin and 
Dendrobium mines commencing in FY26. 
However, the potential ongoing impacts of the ignition 
events at the Anglo mines, together with the current 
divestment process of the Anglo business, provide a 
degree of uncertainty over the group’s FY26 revenues. 
Despite the headlines of lower coal prices and the 
associated market pressures, our pipeline contains 
numerous opportunities across New South Wales and 
Queensland, spanning our full range of services. The 
market is competitive, but the mine owners require safe, 
reliable partners who will stay the course.
Corporate Governance Statement: Mastermyne Group Limited’s Corporate Governance Statement for the 
financial year ended 30 June 2025 can be found on the Company’s website at:  
https://mastermyne.com.au/news/investors/corporate-governance/
Mastermyne 
Annual Report 2025
12

=== Page 27 ===
Mastermyne Group Limited
(Formerly known as Metarock Group Limited)
Directors' report
30 June 2025
 
 
10● Climate related risks - Mastermyne’s financial performance could be impacted by a reduction in demand for its products 
and services if investment and activity levels in its primary industry sector, being the coal sector, deteriorate due to the 
climate/GHG risk related actions. Mastermyne seeks to mitigate this risk through incorporating consideration of 
climate/GHG related risk in its strategic planning and risk management processes.
● Business interruption and cyber-security - Mastermyne relies on its information technology systems and networks to 
undertake its activities and hence is exposed to cyber-security attacks. Mastermyne seeks to mitigate this risk through 
appropriate investment in its information technology systems and personnel, in addition to choosing to work with 
reputable technology partners to employ and maintain appropriate security protections. The risk management process 
includes planning for business continuity and disaster recovery responses.
 
Non-IFRS financial information
 
Non-IFRS financial information is not defined or specified in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), however is 
derived from the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements which are prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 
Mastermyne uses non-IFRS financial information to reflect the Group’s financial performance and the non-IFRS financial 
information presented in this report is consistent with how management review financial performance of the Group. The 
definition of non-IFRS financial information and why management believe non-IFRS financial information is useful is outlined 
below. While management believe non-IFRS financial information is useful, it should not be used as a substitute for statutory 
financial information. The calculation of the non-IFRS financial information is presented earlier in this report.
 
● EBITDA refers to Profit/(loss) before Discontinued Operations, Net Finance Expenses, Income Tax Expense/Benefit, 
Depreciation and Amortisation. Management monitors EBITDA as it is considered to reflect the operational profitability of 
the Group excluding the impact of previous investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.
● Normalised Results refers to statutory results less normalisations for significant non-recurring income and/or expenditure. 
Normalised Results is presented to improve comparability of financial performance between reporting periods.
 
● Normalised EBITDA refers to EBITDA, as defined above, less normalisations for significant non-recurring income and/or 
expenditure. Normalised EBITDA is presented to improve comparability of operating financial performance between 
reporting periods.
● Net cash position refers to cash and cash equivalents less current and non-current borrowings and liabilities directly 
associated with assets classified as held for sale. It is used by management to assess the Group’s financial strength and 
liquidity.
 
Mastermyne 
Annual Report 2025
25