=== Page 14 ===
Directors’ Report 
Continued 
 
 
 12 16. Remuneration Report 
The Remuneration Report, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, is presented separately from page 15. 
17. Indemni ﬁcation and Insurance of Directors and O Ưicers 
The Company’s Constitution requires it to indemnify curren t and former Directors, alternate Directors, executive o Ưicers and o Ưicers of the Company on 
a full indemnity basis and to the full extent permitted by the law against all liabilities incurred as an o Ưicer of the Myer Group, except to the extent 
covered by insurance. Further, the Company’s Constitution permit s the Company to maintain and pa y insurance premiums for Direct or and oƯicer 
liability insurance, to the extent permitted by law. 
Consistent with (and in addition to) the provisions in the Company’s Constitution ou tlined above, the Company has also entered into deeds of access, 
indemnity and insurance with all Directors of the Company which provide indemnities against losses incurred in their role as Di rectors, subject to certain 
exclusions, including to the extent that  such indemnity is prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001  (Cth) ( Corporations Act ) or any other applicable law. 
The deeds stipulate that the Company will meet the full amount of  any such liabilities, costs and expenses (including legal fee s). 
During the ﬁnancial period, the Company paid insurance premiums for a Directors’ and o Ưicers’ liability insurance contract that provides cover for the 
current and former Directors, alternate Directors, secretaries, executive o Ưicers and o Ưicers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Directors have not 
included details of the nature of the liabilities covered in this  contract or the amount of the premium paid, as disclosure is prohibited under the terms of 
the contract.  The Myer Group’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC ). No payment has been made to indemnify PwC during or since the ﬁnancial period end. No 
premium has been paid by the Myer Group in respect of any insurance for PwC. No o Ưicers of the Myer Group were partners or Directors of PwC whilst 
PwC conducted audits of the Myer Group. 
18. Proceedings on Behalf of the Company 
No person has applied to the court under section 237 of the Corp orations Act for leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the Co mpany, or to intervene in 
any proceedings to which the Company is a pa rty, for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or p art of those proceedings. 
No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of  the Company with the leave of the court under section 237 of the  Corporations Act. 
19. Environmental Regulation 
Myer is subject to and has complied with the reporting and compliance requirements of the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007  (Cth) 
(NGER Act ). The NGER Act requires Myer to report its annual greenhouse gas emissions and energy use. Myer has implemented systems and pr ocesses 
for the collection and calculation of the data required. In compliance with the NGER Act, Myer is due to submit its report by 3 1 October 2025. No 
signiﬁcant environmental incidents have been reported internally, and no breaches have been noti ﬁed to any government agency.  
Myer is a member of the Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation ( APCO ), which is a national co-regulatory initiative in place of state-based 
regulatory arrangements for sustainable packaging management. Members are required to adhere to the covenant commitments, which  includes the 
development and implementation of an action plan and reporting annually on progress. Myer and Apparel Brands (through Premier I nvestments Limited, 
a member of APCO) submitted their Annual Reports on 31 March 2025  and Action Plans on 31 May 2025, and Myer submitted its Austr alasian Recycling 
Label Report on 31 March 2025. Apparel Brands will be incorporated into the Company’s packaging strategy and reporting for its FY26 submission. 
The Australian Accounti ng Standards Board ( AASB ) develops, issues and maintains Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards ( Standard ). The 
Corporations Act requires entities to report against AASB S2 Cl imate-related Disclosures issued by the AASB. Myer, as a reporti ng entity under chapter 
2M of the Corporations Act, will be required to meet the Standard  for the FY26 Annual Report. As part of this, Myer will need t o establish a credible 
approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities, and integr ate them into strategic and ﬁnancial planning.  
20. Rounding of Amounts 
The Company is of a kind referred to in AS IC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191 and, except where otherwise 
stated, amounts in the Directors’ Report have been rounded o Ư to the nearest hundred thousand dollars. 
21. Non-Audit Services 
The Company may decide to employ its external  auditor on assignments additional to it s statutory audit duties where the auditor ’s expertise and 
experience with the Company and/or the Myer Group are important, provided such assignments do not give rise to a potential con ﬂict of interest. 
Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (PwC) for audit and non-audit services provided during the ﬁnancial period are set out in the 
Financial Statements. The Board has considered the position and, in accordance with advice received from the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee, is sa tisﬁed that the 
provision of the non-audit services is compatible with the genera l standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corpora tions Act. The Directors 
are satis ﬁed that the provision of the non-audit services by the auditor did not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations 
Act for the following reasons: 
• all non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee to ensure that they do not impact on the imp artiality and 
objectivity of the auditor; and 
• none of the services (with the exception of the matter highlighted in PwC’s independence declaration) undermine the general pri nciples relating to 
auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. 
  
Page 13