=== Page 15 ===
Mayne Pharma Group Limited Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2025 12 NON -AUDIT SERVICES  
 
The Company’s auditor, BDO Audit Pty Ltd  (BDO) , provided the non -audit services  listed below . The Directors are satisfied that the provision of these 
non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 .  
 
The nature and scope of each type of non -audit service provided means that auditor independence was not compromised.  
 
BDO  received or is due to receive the following amounts for the provision of non -audit services . Refer to Note 26 to the financial statement for details 
of all amounts received by or due to BDO  for both assurance and non -audit services.  
 
 
   2025 
$ 2024 
$ 
Taxation services (paid to overseas member firms of BDO)     113,005  195,947  
Other assurance     - - 
Total     113,005  195,947  
 
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS AND INDEMNIFICATION OF AUDITORS  
 
The Company’s constitution (rule 11.1(a)) requires the Company to indemnify every officer of the Company and its wholly owned  subsidiaries against 
liabilities in curred in their role as officer, only to the extent  permitted by the Corporations Act 2001 .  The indemnity will not apply to liabilities arising 
out of conduct involving a lack of good faith.  The Company has entered into  a Deed of Access, Insurance and Indemnity with each of the Directors , 
Key Management Personnel (KMP) , others holding officer positions in the Company or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries  and the Company’s 
previous appointee to the INTI Board .  Each Deed of Access,  Insurance and  Indemnity indemnifies the relevant officer, to the extent permitted by law, 
against any liability incurred by the r elevant officer as an officer of the Company or as an officer of a subsidiary, including legal costs (for an unspecified 
amount).  The Deeds of Access, Insurance and Indemnity also require the Company to (subject to the Corporations Act 2001 ) use its best efforts to 
effect and maintain a D&O policy covering the relevant Officers during each officer’s term of office and for seven years thereafter.   
 
During the financial year, the Company maintained an insurance policy which indemnifies the Directors and Officers of the Company and its 
subsidiaries  in respect of any liability incurred in the performance of their duties as Directors or Officers of the Company  or its subsidiaries , other than 
for matters involving a wilful breach of duty or a contravention of sections 182 or 183 of the Corporations Act 2001  as permitted by section 199B of 
the Corporations Act 2001. The Company’s insurers have prohibited di sclosure of the amount of the premium payable and the level of indemnification 
under the insurance contract.  
 
The Group has not indemnified or agreed to indemnify the auditor of the Group or of any body corporate against a liability in curred as such by the 
auditor, during or since the financial year, except as permitted by law . 
 
During the financial year, the Company has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the auditor of the Company or any related entity.  
 
ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS) REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE  
 
The Group’s operations are subject to various EHS laws and regulations and , where required , the Group maintains EHS licenses and registrations in 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. The Group has mechanisms in place to monitor for changes to regulatory re quirements and 
ensure ongoing compliance with any new requirements.  
 
The Group has EHS policies and procedures in place designed to ensure compliance with all EHS regulatory requirements and to continuously improve 
the health and safety of our workplace and environmental sustainability of our operations.  
 
The EHS function continues to refine and improve the Company’s  standards, processes and performance through the ongoing development and 
maintenance of an EHS management system focussed on the identification and assessment of EHS hazards and effective management  of EHS risks by 
applying sound risk management principle s. 
 
The Group monitors EHS outcomes on a regular basis and provides reports to various internal and external stakeholders includi ng, without limitation, 
in relation to performance data such as injury rates, waste disposal, waste water and storm discharges and emissions. The operating site in Salisbury  
is subject to periodic or random inspections by EHS regulators; several inspections occurred during the year by the relevant aut horities.  
 
The Directors are not aware of any material breaches of EHS regulations by the Group.  
 
OPTIONS, PERFORMANCE RIGHTS AND SHARES GRANTED SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE  
 
No options, performance rights or loan shares were issued to KMP subsequent to reporting date.  
 
ROUNDING  
 
Amounts in this report and in the financial report have been  rounded off in accordance with ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191 issued by the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission, to the nearest thousand dollars or, in certain cases, to the nearest  dollar .   
 
AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION  
 
The Auditor’s Independence Declaration has been received from BDO  and is included on page 22 of this report .