=== Page 9 ===
Nick Scali Limited 
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2025 
Directors Report 
7 
to minimise risks and maintain system and 
organisational stability. 
 
 The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board has 
ongoing oversight of technology risk. 
 
 
 
Management Succession 
 
The group has executives considered key to the 
success of the Group by its stakeholders.   A failure to 
adequately plan for their succession may adversely 
impact the groups ﬁnancial and operational 
performance.  
 
 
Competitive remuneration strategies have been 
implemented and succession plans and retention 
activities and outcomes are regularly reviewed by the 
Remuneration and Human Resources Committee of 
the Board and the Board. 
 
Workplace Health and Safety 
 
Work, health, and safety risks could result in physical 
injury to employees or others, damage to property, 
damage to reputation and involve regulatory breach.  
 
 
The group has an ongoing programme to embed a 
safety culture across the business, including policies, 
procedures, reporting training and education.  The 
Board receives regular reports of any incident resulting 
in ﬁrst aid or lost time to injury.  
 
Climate change 
New climate-related financial disclosure requirements are likely to apply to the Company from the financial year commencing 
1 July 2025, under the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (AASB S1 and S2). In anticipation of these obligations, 
we have undertaken preparatory work and continue to invest in process improvements to strengthen our data governance, 
emissions measurement, and climate risk oversight frameworks to enable us to comply with the new reporting requirements.  
As part of our climate risk assessment, we confirm that climate-related risks are not currently expected to have a significant 
impact on our business operations or financial performance.  
Outlook 
Australia and New Zealand 
Written sales for month of July 25 increased by 7.7%, like for like written sales up 7.2%. 
 
Sales revenue for the first quarter FY26 expected to be up on prior year. 
 
A further five new stores are confirmed for opening during the year, with additional opportunities currently being reviewed. 
 
UK 
Losses are expected to continue until remaining stores are refurbished and individual store sales improve.  
 
Significant changes in the state of affairs 
There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company during the year. 
Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year 
The Company declared a dividend on 8 August 2025.  No other matter or circumstance has arisen since 30 June 2025 that 
has significantly affected, or may significantly affect the Group's operations, the results of those operations, or the Group's 
state of affairs in future financial years. 
Likely developments and expected results of operations 
Refer to the Operating and financial review on page 4. 
 
 For personal use only