=== Page 24 ===
To identify material topics and metrics  
for disclosure in this Sustainability  
Report, we undertook review guided  
by the reporting principles set out in  
GRI 1: Foundation 2021. This process 
involved considerations of the materiality, 
consistency and transparency of the topics 
disclosed in this report. We continually 
review these topics and metrics with  
input from management, guidance from 
regulatory and legislative frameworks,  
and existing and emerging sectoral trends. 
To understand which topics are  
material to our business, we engage  
third party specialists to conduct a 
materiality assessment, the most recent  
of which was conducted in 2024.  
The assessment involves:
• qualitative interviews with executive 
management and selected internal 
stakeholders,
• surveyed feedback from both internal 
and external stakeholders, and
• a validation workshop with executive 
and senior management.
The materiality survey is provided to  
a broad stakeholder group including 
employees, contractors, suppliers,  
key community representatives, near 
neighbours and local communities, shareholders, government and industry 
representatives. This year, we reviewed 
the outcomes of the materiality 
assessment conducted during 2024  
to identify, assess and compare existing 
and emerging material impacts.  
This materiality impact assessment 
surveyed key management personnel 
across site teams and the corporate 
office, and received responses from  
133 individual stakeholders, internal  
and external, across our corporate  
office and mining, agricultural and oil  
and gas operations. 
During the year we refreshed the 
community needs assessments for each  
of our mining operations, as well as our 
corporate affairs and investor relations 
strategies, to ensure we appropriately 
address stakeholder interests and 
concerns.
We also considered feedback  
received through:
• Direct engagement on sustainability 
matters with internal and external 
stakeholders,
• Sustainability-related risks and  
controls identified in our enterprise  
risk management process, and
• Engagement and ratings received  
from ESG and sustainability research 
analytics groups and proxy advisors. Material topics for disclosure are reviewed 
and endorsed by the Sustainability 
Committee and approved by the Board. 
Topics reported in this Sustainability 
Report reflect the following changes 
on the previous reporting period:
• Details on raising concerns and 
grievance mechanisms have been 
reframed as part of governance, which 
reflects our development of policies  
and frameworks during the year, and
• Greenhouse gas emissions disclosures, 
as well as information on climate, 
transition and resilience, are now 
reported in the climate-related 
information report set out at the end  
of this Sustainability Report, noting  
the introduction of climate-related 
financial disclosure reporting for 
Australian reporting entities.
The sustainability-related topics shown 
below have been identified as material  
for disclosures relating to our operations  
and activities during the reporting period. 
These topics have been presented in four 
chapters, relating to People, Community, 
Environment and climate, and Governance 
and compliance.
• Health, safety and wellbeing
• Attracting, retaining and 
developing our people
• Employment practices• Community engagement
• Economic impacts 
• First Nations and 
Traditional Owner 
engagement
• Amenity impacts
• Water, waste, air and 
dust management
• Progressive rehabilitation 
and closure
• Land use and biodiversity
• Cultural heritage 
• Operational emissions• Responsible business 
practices
• Tax and government 
payments
• Industry and policy
• Privacy and data
• CompliancePeople Community
Governance  
and complianceEnvironment 
and climate
Annual Report 2025 New Hope Group
21

=== Page 39 ===
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT CONTINUED
Environment and climate continued
Non-mineral waste that is regulated  
is managed in accordance with state-
specific requirements and follows a waste 
management hierarchy that prioritises 
waste reduction, reuse, and recycling 
before disposal. We use third party 
specialist waste treatment and resource 
recovery sub-contractors to collect and 
process hazardous and non-hazardous 
waste off-site at licensed waste disposal 
facilities. This minimises risks of improper 
waste handling and maximises recovery 
through compliance collection, transport 
and treatment strategies implemented by 
the third party specialist provided. The 
exception to this approach is the disposal 
of scrap tyres in pit in accordance with 
environmental approval conditions.1
Bengalla Mine operates an on site 
bioremediation facility where hydrocarbon 
contaminated mineral waste is placed in a 
dedicated area for remediation. 
Remediated soil or overburden can then 
be placed in the active dump system and 
suitably incorporated into the final 
landform prior to rehabilitation.
Bengalla Mine is an active contributor to 
Tyre Stewardship Australia, collaborating 
with industry, regulators and accredited 
tyre recyclers on the ongoing development 
of the tyre recycling industry. Although the 
technology for handling and recycling Off 
the Road (OTR) tyres is still largely 
developing, we actively participate in Tyre 
Stewardship Australia forums to assist 
proponents in the tyre recycling industry 
in managing come of the unique 
challenges faced by the mining industry 
for recycling OTR tyres and understand 
feasible opportunities for tyre recycling.
With New Acland Mine increasing 
production during the 2025 financial  
year, volumes of waste generated have 
increased, highlighting opportunities to 
improve waste management practices  
at site. During the reporting period,  
New Acland Mine commenced recycling 
initiatives for domestic non-hazardous 
waste, including:
• partnering with Darling Downs Metals, 
a local specialist metal recycling facility, 
to process scrap steel and used batteries,
• donating stockpiled timber pallets  
to the Maclagan and District Men’s 
Shed in Quinalow for use in community 
woodwork projects, and
• registering the on site administration 
office with ‘Close the Loop’ to return 
and recycle used printer cartridges. Non-mineral waste generated at QBH  
is managed under a site-specific waste 
management protocol. Regulated waste 
primarily consists of minerals, oil and 
grease. QBH engages the same specialist 
sub-contractors used by New Acland 
Mine for waste management services. 
At New Acland Mine, residual mineral 
waste left over after extraction and 
processing, known as tailings, is managed 
and disposed of on site in mined out 
open-cut voids, referred to as tailings 
storage facilities. This material is inert and 
does not cause degradation to the areas 
where it is stored, and poses a lower 
structural integrity risk to the environment 
than engineered tailings storage structures. 
Tailings waste is ‘capped’ by overburden 
waste extracted from the mining process 
and the capped tailings is covered with 
topsoil and growth medium in preparation 
for rehabilitation processes. The facilities 
are managed through regular inspection  
to monitor water volumes and key 
infrastructure surrounding the pits.  
In pit tailings processes are managed  
in accordance with environmental 
approval conditions. 
Bengalla does not use tailings storage 
facilities. Tailings are processed through  
its coal handling and preparation plant  
by separating the material from washed 
coal before it is treated, dewatered, and 
placed in reject cells within the overburden 
emplacement area. This material is 
co-disposed of on site with overburden 
and rock waste, in preparation for future 
rehabilitation processes. Water extracted 
from the separation process is used on 
site as appropriate.
Air quality 
Our mining operations create particle  
and dust emissions that have the potential 
to affect air quality in the environment 
surrounding the mine. These emissions 
arise due to the operation of heavy 
earthmoving equipment, vegetation 
clearing that exposes surrounding areas  
to wind, and disturbance of top soils from 
vehicle movements. Changes in air quality 
due to our operations can cause impacts 
to both the health of our employees and 
communities and amenity impacts for 
those located nearby our operations. Both 
of our mines are subject to stringent air 
quality management and monitoring 
requirements under the relevant 
environmental approvals and have implemented site-specific air quality 
management plans to ensure compliance 
with all regulatory requirements. 
We monitor, measure and report air 
emissions for relevant substances under 
the Australian Government’s National 
Pollutant Inventory and National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting 
Scheme (NGERS) which are published  
by the Department of Climate Change, 
Energy, the Environment and Water 
annually at https://www.dcceew.gov.au/
environment/protection/npi/data.2
Amenity impacts related to air quality, 
including dust, vibration and noise, can 
impact those located nearby to our 
operations. This can occur due to the  
use of heavy machinery and equipment, 
movement of trucks on haul roads and 
exploration and extraction activities on  
our mine site. We are conscious of these 
impacts and strive to minimise noise  
and disturbance to our near neighbours. 
Both mines employ control measures in 
operational activities to reduce dust on 
site, including through:
• dust suppression using water carts on 
stockpiles, haul roads and work areas, 
• optimising our production circuits to 
reduce diesel emissions and wheel 
generated dust, 
• completing regular dust inspections 
from public vantage points throughout 
the mine,
• operate an extensive real time air 
quality monitoring network and 
management systems for wind speed 
and direction,
• automatic water sprays and dust 
curtains on plant, and 
• application of water at transfer points 
on conveyors and hoppers. 
At New Acland Mine, veneering occurs 
off-site on coal at the Jondaryan Rail 
Loading Facility before being transported 
by rail.
We also use dust and noise monitoring 
equipment on site that provides real-time 
data on air quality levels. Noise and air 
quality data is published in monthly 
environmental monitoring reports on our 
website, available at https://
newhopegroup.com.au/general-reporting/ . 
1. Disposal of off-road tyres used in heavy earthmoving mining vehicles including dump trucks and loaders.
2. Data reported under the National Pollutant Inventory is for the period 1 July 2023 to 31 July 2024 as reporting is due by 30 September each year and data  
is published by 31 March of the following year.
New Hope Group
36
Annual Report 2025

=== Page 42 ===
To better identify, understand and  
assess the impacts of our operations  
on biodiversity, we continue to progress 
our knowledge of nature-related risks  
and opportunities using the LEAP 
approach (Locate, Evaluate, Assess, 
Prepare). Following work done to 
understand how our assets and operations 
interface with nature in protected areas, 
this year we moved to evaluate the 
Group’s key dependencies and impacts  
on nature-related areas. This evaluation 
found that our mining and agricultural 
operations have higher dependencies  
and impacts on areas such as land and 
water, reflecting the key nature interfaces 
across these assets. This assessment 
process will be integrated into our  
annual risk review processes under the 
Group Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework, preparing us for future 
nature-related disclosures. 
Learn more about Acland Pastoral 
Company’s operations and the interaction 
with our rehabilitation program here: 
https://youtu.be/MFxnPJkPJLs . 
Cultural heritage 
We respect the connections of Traditional 
Owners and custodians with the lands 
where we operate, and recognise that 
sites, objects and artefacts of cultural 
significance must be proactively identified 
and protected. We manage cultural 
heritage obligations and responsibilities  
in accordance with approved cultural 
heritage management plans. We consult 
and engage with traditional owner group 
representatives at each of our mining 
operations, being Wanaruah Local 
Aboriginal Land Counci (WLALC) at 
Bengalla Mine and the Western Wakka 
Wakka People (WWWP) at New Acland 
Mine. A representative of the WLALC is 
an active member on the Bengalla Mine 
Community Consultative Committee.  
We continue to engage with 
representatives of the WWWP to  
ensure any proposed ground disturbance 
at New Acland for Stage 3 operations 
considers impacts on cultural heritage  
and action to avoid harm, or where harm 
cannot reasonably be avoided, minimise 
harm to cultural heritage. We aim to 
embody the principle of free, prior and 
informed consent in our engagement  
with traditional custodians to ensure  
our impacts on cultural heritage are 
managed respectfully and sustainably. 
During the reporting period the Group  
did not receive any complaints related  
to the rights of First Nations people or 
traditional custodians. 
Operational emissions
New Hope reports on Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (also referred 
to as ‘operational emissions’), energy consumption and energy production to the Clean 
Energy Regulator annually, in accordance with, and using the methodology set out under, 
the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) Scheme. Reflecting the timing  
of reporting requirements under the NGER Scheme, data presented below is for the year  
to 30 June 2024 on an operational control basis. 
Total emissions (tCO 2-e)
Emissions classification 30 June 2024 30 June 2023
Scope 1 667,497 595,100
Scope 2 60,641 58,456
Total operational emissions 728,138 653,556
We have separately reported our gross absolute Scope 1, Scope 2 emissions on an equity 
share basis and estimates for total Scope 3 emissions for the current reporting period in 
our Climate-related information report at page 46 of this Annual Report. 
The main source of operational emissions at our mine sites come from the fugitive emissions 
released in the coal extraction process, the combustion of fuels in heavy earthmoving 
equipment, and the consumption of energy in the form of electricity purchased for use  
in our operations. For our total Scope 1 emissions reported under the NGER Scheme  
for the period ending 30 June 2024, fugitive emissions accounted for 67 per cent.
Annual Report 2025 New Hope Group
39