=== Page 13 ===
Sustainability targets
Performance against FY24 targets
Sustainability 
Pillar Target  Performance Commentary
Population 
Health 42,000 members participating in a general health interaction across the GroupThis year, more than 90,600 members across the Group had 
a general health interaction.
20,000 members enrolled in 
health  manag ement programs 
across the Group22,733 members enrolled in a health management program 
during FY24.
28,000 health assessments or screens undertaken by 
nib membersMore than 78,600 health assessments or screens were 
undertaken by nib members this year. 
Launch care navigation pathway in Bourke, NSW The development of Bourke Pathways, our care navigation 
program in Bourke, was completed in FY24. Launch is expected later this year.
Natural 
EnvironmentIntroduce one new mechanism designed to improve environmental performance of suppliers We introduced environmental performance-related 
conditions into new contractual agreements with strategic suppliers, where possible.
Develop a Climate Action and Resilience Plan 
Our Climate Action and Resilience Plan was developed and 
approved in June.
Maintain carbon neutral certification We are proud to have received carbon neutral certification 
for our operational FY23 emissions from Climate Active. 
Maintain Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 2.5% reduction in Scope 3 emissionsIn FY24 our total emissions rose 23.8%. Scope 1 emissions 
rose by 7.2% and our Scope 2 emissions fell by 9.9%. Our Scope 3 emissions increased by 24.4% driven by an uplift in marketing and advertising expenses to support business growth, as well as increased business travel. Accordingly, we have not achieved this target. 
For more information on our emissions see page 17.
People,
Culture & 
Employment  Maintain 40/40/20 gender mix 
in Board, heads of business unit, team leaders and management positions
1 The gender mix for our leadership population for the year 
was 57% female-identifying, 43% male-identifying and 0% gender diverse.
In Board positions, we are slightly below target at 37.5% 
female representation
2. In Non-Executive Director positions, 
we achieved 40/40/20 representation.
As a result, we consider our target to be partially met.See page 19 for further information.
100% of FY24 DEI deliverables 
achieved We have delivered 100% of our FY24 actions as committed to 
under our DEI Plan.
Provide three career pathway programs for people early in their career to join nibDuring the year we provided three career pathway programs 
to people early in their career to join nib. These were our Tupu Toa Internship Program in New Zealand, our 2024 Graduate Program, and a program that saw us welcome four First Nations trainees into the arhi Contact Centre.
Employee engagement score of 79% or greater
Our FY24 employee engagement score was 77%. This is 
above the global benchmark of 73% but is below our target of 79%.
1. The 40/40/20 gender mix is defined as 40% female, 40% male and 20% any gender.
2. Board of Directors includes Non-Executive Directors and the CEO/Managing Director of nib holdings limited. Achieved   Partially achieved   Not achieved
2024 Sustainability Report
10

=== Page 15 ===
FY25 targets
Population 
HealthNatural 
EnvironmentPeople, Culture
& Employment  Leadership
& GovernanceCommunity Spirit
&Cohesion
75,000 members participating 
in a general health interaction 
across the Group1Transition all new nib-controlled locations to 100% renewable energy
4Ensure 40/40/20 gender mix representation in Board, heads of business 
units, team  leaders and 
management positions5Re-assess the modern slavery 
risk of at least 25 suppliers who have completed a continuousimprovement plan
61,700 employee 
volunteering hours 
20,000 members enrolled 
in health management programs across the Group
2Conduct new climate scenario analysisGender pay equity in comparable roles 1.5%
Review control systems for nib’s 
critical operations and undertakeassessment of risks of material service providers in alignment with Prudential Standard Operational Risk Management(CPS 230)250,000 people reached 
vianib foundation’s
Prevention Partnerships
65,000 health assessments 
or screens undertaken by 
nib members3Maintain carbon  
neutral certification Provide three career pathway programs for people early in their career Develop an Artificial Intelligence
Policy to ensure the responsible and ethical use of AI that aligns 
with ISO 42001:2023Launch next Innovate RAP
Develop a health data store 
to support personalisation for our health membersEnhance internal 
 
emissions reporting Employee Engagement Score of 79%, Wellbeing Score 
of 76% and Inclusion Score 
of 81%Re-certify nib’s Information
Security Management System (ISMS) to meet ISO/IEC 27001:2022 
(including nibThrive)More than 20% of our sponsorship funding directly invested in diversity and inclusion initiatives
1. General health interaction defined as interactions or services that intend to provide targeted prevention, education, wellbeing and health literacy activities. 
E.g., wellness vouchers, telehealth GP. 
2. Health management programs defined as programs that intend to improve health outcomes for a specific disease, injury or condition, which can be sub-classified as 
a Chronic Disease Management Program. E.g., Silvercloud, Quit Smoking Program. 
3. Health assessment or screens defined as programs or services that intend to assess health and wellbeing, risk factors or screen for disease, injury or clinical 
condition. E.g., Health Check, Molemap. 
4. Includes locations wher e nib has assumed control of the office lease during the financial year 2024 period as part of recent acquisitions. 
5. Board of Directors includes Non-Executive Directors and CEO/Managing Director of nib holdings limited.
6.  Supplier must hav e completed a continuous improvement plan at least 12 months prior. Re-assessment to be conducted via a new supplier assessment questionnaire.
2024 Sustainability Report
12

=== Page 16 ===
Population
HealthNatural Environment People, Culture
& EmploymentLeadership
& GovernanceCommunity Spirit 
& Cohesion
75,000 members participating
in a general health interaction
across the Group1Transition all new nib-controlled locations to 100% renewable energy
4Ensure 40/40/20 gender mix representation in Board, heads of business 
units, team leaders and 
management positions5Re-assess the modern slavery 
risk of at least 25 suppliers who 
have completed a continuous improvement plan
61,700 employee  
volunteering hours 
20,000 members enrolled
in health management programs across the Group
2Conduct new climate scenario analysisGender pay equity in comparable roles 1.5%
Review control systems for nib’s 
critical operations and undertake assessment of risks of material service providers in alignment with Prudential Standard Operational Risk Management (CPS 230)250,000 people reached 
via nib foundation’s 
Prevention  Par tnerships
65,000 health assessments 
or screens undertaken by 
nibmembers3Maintain carbon 
neutral certificationProvide three careerpathway programs for people early in their career Develop an Artificial Intelligence 
Policy to ensure the responsible and ethical use of AI that aligns 
with ISO 42001:2023  Launch next Innovate RAP
Develop a health data store 
to support personalisation for our health membersEnhance internal 
emissions reporting Employee Engagement Scoreof 79%, Wellbeing Score 
of76% and Inclusion Score 
of 81%Re-certify nib’s Information 
Security Management System (ISMS) to meet ISO/IEC 27001:2022 
(including  nib Thrive)More than 20% of our sponsorship funding directly invested in diversity and inclusion initiatives
2024 Sustainability Report
13

=== Page 19 ===
Natural 
Environment
FY24 Highlights
Developed our internal 
Climate Action and 
Resilience Plan
Maintained Climate Active 
carbon neutral certification 
Partnered to build 
media sustainability 
tool Healthy people and communities rely on a healthy planet. The quality of the 
natural environments in which we live are similarly influential on people’s 
health. The quality of air and water, biodiversity and climate stability are crucial to the health and wellbeing of our members, travellers, participants, employees and partners. We will improve our business processes and influence to limit our impact on the environment.
During the year, we’ve matured our climate work with a shift towards a more 
strategic approach to internal climate action as well as the establishment of programs of work to meet mandatory climate-related disclosures in both Australia and New Zealand. We’ve also continued to focus on environmental performance and emissions reductions activities in line with our net zero ambitions.
Climate reporting
Since 2022, nib has published voluntary Group climate-related disclosure reports in line with the recommended disclosures provided by the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Our FY24 Group climate-related disclosure aligned to TCFD is available on our website, sustainability website . 
However, climate reporting is now shifting to mandatory for our Group and New Zealand businesses. nib’s New Zealand subsidiary, nib nz limited, is a climate reporting entity under the External Reporting Board (XRB)’s Aotearoa New Zealand Climate Standards (NZ CS), while nib holdings limited is a climate reporting entity under the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) published by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).Throughout FY24, we have undertaken a significant program of work to understand how climate change currently impacts our New Zealand business, and how it may continue to do so in the future. This includes analysing and disclosing our New Zealand-specific climate risks and opportunities, emissions and testing the resilience of our business strategy. We will publish our first New Zealand climate-related disclosure under the NZ CS this year.
In Australia, we will begin reporting 
under the ASRS in FY26. Our current focus is increasing our internal capability, reviewing our climate governance structure and establishing a workplan in line with the final reporting requirements which are expected to be finalised shortly.
For the seventh year in a row, we 
participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). We received an overall score of ‘C’ (on par with both the Oceania regional and Global averages) and a ‘B-’ score for our supplier engagement. 
2024 Sustainability Report
16

=== Page 20 ===
Taking action on emissions 
In FY24, we took the next step in our 
climate strategy, developing our internal Climate Action and Resilience Plan (Plan). The Plan features a roadmap to reducing our environmental impact and making our business more resilient. It sets out the actions we will take to lower our emissions and sits within our wider strategic approach of limiting our footprint on our path to net zero. 
The Plan was developed in consultation 
with our internal environmental working group which features representatives from across the business, particularly those within identified high emissions areas. The group meets quarterly to track progress, discuss roadblocks, and drive accountability for emissions reductions activities. 
Scope 3 emissions remain our largest 
area of impact, accounting for 98.6% of our total emissions in FY24. One of our key levers for decarbonisation is to use our sphere of influence to reduce emissions within our supply chain.
As such, this year we started to 
introduce environmental performance-related conditions into new contractual agreements with strategic suppliers. 
This will require them to provide us with 
actual emissions data (where available) to help us gain a better understanding of our environmental footprint and opportunities for improvement.
Our shift to the cloud for on-premise 
workloads across all business lines has also delivered emissions benefits by allowing us to close the last of our data centres to operate within the AWS Ecosystem, which uses renewable energy.
This year, we transitioned to providing 
new Australian health members with digital welcome packs instead of paper documents. This change reflects our ongoing digital-first commitment and will provide members with access to critical policy documents sooner.
It’s a great example of how our actions 
can benefit our business, our members and the planet. We’ll reduce the costs associated with producing physical documents, improve reaction time when updating documents to reflect changes within the business (such as product changes), while reducing paper usage and its associated carbon emissions, and improving accessibility for screen readers.
In March 2024, we also moved to a 
digital-first nib member card for our international members, removing the default distribution of physical cards. This change will not only improve the member experience but also reduces the amount of waste generated from producing physical cards and mailing with more than 100,000 physical cards expected to be avoided in FY25.
Despite these positive changes, our 
emissions footprint rose 23.8% during FY24
1. This was due to a rise in Scope 
3 emissions, driven by an uplift in marketing and advertising expenses to support business growth, as well as increased business travel across the Group. Pleasingly, our efforts towards more digital communications contributed to a reduction in our paper-based emissions. 
During the year, we also acquired two 
new plan management businesses and one digital marketplace as part of our nib Thrive expansion. These acquisitions have resulted in a small uplift in our emissions. Our FY24 emissions data is also inclusive of our digital health platform, Midnight Health, due to our major ownership in the business bringing them within our emissions boundary and contributing 7% of our total 
Group  emissions.
A key focus in the year ahead, is working closely with these businesses to support them to reduce their carbon footprint in line with the wider business ambition of being net zero by 2040. 
1. In FY24, we engaged a new emissions consultancy and went through a process of improving, updating and recategorising our emissions inventory to align with 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol categories. As such, FY24 Scope 3 emissions category data is not directly comparable to FY23 Scope 3 emissions category data 
previously reported by nib Group. 
A carbon neutral business 
nib was proud to be certified carbon neutral by Climate Active for our Australian business operations for the third year in a 
row through the purchase of 100% Australian Carbon Credits (ACCUs)2. 
Our strategy is to choose ACCUs that not only support our environmental goals but have co-benefits for First Nation communities.
Through our ongoing partnership with the Aboriginal Carbon Foundation, we contributed to carbon farming projects that 
centre around savanna burning, a traditional land management practice that’s existed for thousands of  years. 
Beyond reducing emissions, it fosters connections to Country, improves land access for Traditional Custodians, opens up 
educational and employment opportunities in remote communities, and promotes the sharing of First Nations knowledge to new generations.
2. Climate Active certification available at nib.com.au/docs/2024-climate-active-carbon-neutral-certificate
Decarbonising our media and advertising 
Media and advertising accounts for 59.5% of our total Group emissions profile in FY24, making it the biggest contributor to our environmental footprint. 
To help reduce our impact, we’ve built a media sustainability 
tool in partnership with our media agency, Group M, and Scope3 to allow us to better visualise and optimise our digital 
media emissions in  Aust ralia. 
Through the tool we’ll be able to calculate the emissions impact of our digital media activity and in turn seek to optimise through a range of actions, including removal of high emissions inventory and optimising our ad creative. Importantly, this can all be achieved without compromising on the quality or impact of our media and advertising. 
We’re also using our influence to encourage broader industry 
change, by including sustainability goals and targets as part of our requirements in our media briefings.
2024 Sustainability Report
17