=== Page 3 ===
Table of Contents
About the Report
Sustainability Performance Highlight
Message from the Chairman
About the Company
Company Profile
Vision, Mission & Values
2024 Sustainability Milestones
Sustainability at Nickel Industries
2024 Sustainability Report Theme
Sustainability Policy 
Sustainability Strategy
Materiality and Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability Governance
Sustainability Performance
Economic Development
Operations
Direct Economic Value
Tax Compliance
Supply Chain
Indirect Economic Impact
Environmental Stewardship
Our Approach
Climate Adaptation and Mitigation
Emissions
Energy
Good Mining Practices
Water and Effluents
Waste
Social Responsibility
Human Capital
Human Capital Development
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Occupational Health and Safety (OHS)
Local Communities
Biodiversity
Independent Assurance Statement
GRI Standards Content Index
SASB: Metals and Mining
Feedback Form2
4
7
8
9
9
10
13
14
14
16
16
23
25
26
26
27
28
28
30
31
31
33
39
40
41
43
44
46
46
48
48
49
56
63
66
70
73
74
1
Sustainability Report 2024 • Nickel Industries      About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance

=== Page 7 ===
Environmental Stewardship Highlights
  Environmental Performance
2024
20242024 2024 2023
20232023 2023 2022
20222022 20226,644,501
35653,809 6,633,819
2565
3,528
3,584,263
2064
2,941Green House Gas (GHG) 
Emissions (Scope 1 & 2)
Rehabilitated Land Area at 
Hengjaya MineEmissions Intensity per 
Generated RevenueEmissions Intensity
Tonnes CO2eq
HatCO2e/ USD tCO2e/tonnes of NiEnvironmental Performance
Rehabilitated Land Area at Hengjaya Mine
Total Rehabilitated Area Since 2019 (Ha): 2,057
Total Trees Planted Since 2019 (Ha): 2,258,500
Social Responsibility Highlights
2024 Safety Performance
• LTIFR: 0.11, with 2 lost time injuries (LTI) recorded across 17.4 
million work hours.
• TRIFR: 1.43, with 3 medical treatment injuries and 22 first aid 
injuries.
• Hengjaya Mine Achievement: Over 18.2 million work hours 
without a lost time injury since November 2021.
5
Sustainability Report 2024 • Nickel Industries      About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance

=== Page 9 ===
Message from the Chairman [2-22]
This year marked an important evolution in our sustainability 
journey as we continued to respond to the rising expectations of 
stakeholders and the growing emphasis on transparent disclosure. 
In 2024, Nickel Industries pivoted to refer with the ASX Climate-
related Financial Disclosures and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure 
Standards (IFRS S1 and S2), reinforcing our commitment to 
international best practices in governance, risk management and 
climate resilience.
Our efforts throughout the year were underpinned by measurable 
progress across key areas of sustainability. We strengthened 
environmental stewardship through initiatives in coral reef 
cultivation, mangrove preservation and biodiversity area 
development, while expanding our contribution to education through 
new scholarship programmes at both local and national levels. 
In parallel, we maintained a strong focus on operational safety, 
achieving a significant milestone of over 18.2 million work hours 
since the last reported LTI in November 2021 at Hengjaya Mine. 
Recognition of our environmental leadership was further reinforced 
as Hengjaya Mine received the Green PROPER rating for the third 
consecutive year.
At the same time, we intensified our approach to climate risk 
mitigation to support our long-term decarbonisation ambitions. 
The installation of a solar energy system at Hengjaya Mine, now Yours sincerely,
Norman Seckold
ChairmanDear Fellow Stakeholders,
I am pleased to present Nickel Industries' 
2024 Sustainability Report.
supplying approximately 20% of the site’s electricity needs, was 
complemented by the introduction of electric vehicle (EV) haul 
trucks and the adoption of electric loaders to improve operational 
efficiency and reduce emissions. In addition, through Oracle Nickel, 
we transitioned to the use of recycled furnace gas for industrial 
processes, reducing reliance on coal and further lowering our 
carbon footprint.
These achievements reflect our ongoing commitment to integrate 
sustainability into every aspect of our operations. As we pursue our 
targets of reducing carbon intensity by 50% by 2035 and achieving 
net zero emissions by 2050, we believe our growing high-pressure 
acid leach (HPAL) portfolio, renewable energy initiatives and 
operational innovations position us strongly to contribute to the 
global transition towards a low-carbon economy.
Looking ahead, we remain firmly committed to fostering shared 
value for our stakeholders and building long-term resilience across 
our operations. I invite you to explore this report to learn more 
about the progress we have made in 2024, and I thank you for 
your continued trust and support as we shape a sustainable future 
together.
7
Sustainability Report 2024 • Nickel Industries      About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance

=== Page 16 ===
2024 Sustainability Report Theme
Sustainability Policy [2-23, 2-24]Strengthening Our Sustainable 
Foundations
Nickel Industries continues strengthening its foundations in 
resource management, emissions reduction, and governance. 
This year’s report outlines efforts to solidify sustainability 
frameworks and integrate them further into operational 
processes, ensuring long-term accountability and measurable 
progress.
The Company’s sustainability policy drives long-term 
value creation through responsible production, addressing 
environmental impacts, supporting social progress, and 
prioritising employee and community well-being. Focused 
on sustainable operations, local development, and global sustainability, the policy shapes strategy and is reviewed 
annually to align with evolving priorities and ensure resource 
access, investments, and contributions to sustainable 
development.
Sustainable Operations
Stimulation of local 
developmentNickel Industries will act responsibly across the life cycle of its activities, from project conception, 
through to execution and operation, to the closure of the Company’s activities, respecting the local 
people and customs where it operates.
Beyond the management of its activities, the Company seeks to stimulate local socioeconomic 
development that sustainably contributes to the livelihoods and wellbeing of the communities and 
environment around Nickel Industries’ areas of operation.• To meet or exceed the regulatory standards where the Company 
operates and continuously improve performance.
• To achieve zero harm to its employees, contractors and local 
communities by promoting active, genuine care inside and outside the 
Company.
• To continuously improve its activities, seeking increased efficiency in 
the use of natural resources.
• To support the development and hiring of local workforce and 
suppliers.
• To understand and monitor the key social and environmental indicators 
for the regions where we operate and make conscious decisions to 
improve social and environmental wellbeing in the most appropriate and 
meaningful ways.• To manage risks and impacts by adopting elimination, mitigation, 
compensation, monitoring measures and maximising the positive 
benefits of our activities.
• To work with responsibility, ethics and transparency, engaging with its 
stakeholders.
• To develop programs related to social needs, with the long-term 
economic development vision, avoiding reactive social investments.
• To respect indigenous and local communities’ connections to lands, 
waters and the environment and seek to develop mutually beneficial 
agreements with land-connected peoples, to promote engagement, free, 
prior and informed consultation and risk and impact evaluation.
14
    Nickel Industries • Sustainability Report 2024About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance

=== Page 18 ===
Sustainability Strategy [2-25]
Nickel Industries’ sustainability strategy integrates 
environmental, social, and governance considerations into its 
operations, aligning with global standards and stakeholder 
expectations. Developed through ongoing stakeholder 
engagement, the strategy is based on three core pillars supported by specific sub-pillars that address key aspects of 
the Company’s activities. These pillars provide a structured 
approach to achieving both short- and long-term objectives 
while ensuring relevance to the Company’s operations and its 
role in the global energy transition.
Pillar Sub-pillar Description
Economic developmentFinancial performance • Long-term vision to grow the business in a way that provides optimum benefit 
to the lives of people in the community. 
• Continuously improve the Company’s performance to generate indirect 
economic impacts on the local community. 
• Help the local community grow simultaneously alongside the Company. Indirect economic impacts
Procurement practices
Environmental stewardshipBiodiversity• Environmental sustainability is a core part of Nickel Industries’ existence.
• Our products are essential for the global energy transition and the stability of 
our operating environment.
• Committed to reducing our carbon footprint – HNC has one of the lowest carbon 
intensities per tonnes of nickel produced. Energy
Emissions
Waste
Water and effluent
Social responsibilityAnti-corruption
• Committed to stimulating local socioeconomic development.
• Sustainably contribute to the livelihoods and well-being of the communities and 
environment around our areas of operation.
• Respect the local people and customs wherever we operate. Community development
Donation and sponsorship
Education
Gender and diversity
Health and safety
Human rights
Infrastructure
Materiality and Stakeholder Engagement [2-29, 3-1, 3-2, 3-3, 14.1.1]
Nickel Industries conducts an annual materiality assessment to 
align its sustainability strategy with industry developments and 
stakeholder expectations. This process includes stakeholder 
engagement, analysis of global and local industry trends, and 
identification of key sustainability priorities. The Stakeholder 
Engagement and Identification Base framework supports this 
process by categorising stakeholder relationships based on six dimensions: Dependency, Responsibility, Tension, Influence, 
Diverse Perspective, and Proximity. It enables the Company 
to identify, prioritise, and engage with stakeholders, including 
investors, employees, business partners, governments, and local 
communities. The assessment informs decision-making and 
sustainability initiatives. 
16
    Nickel Industries • Sustainability Report 2024About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance

=== Page 20 ===
Influence (I)
Proximity (P)Diverse 
Perspective (DP)The ability of an individual or organisation to impact Nickel Industries’ strategic direction, stakeholder policies, or 
broader business operations.
The geographical or operational closeness of an individual or organisation to Nickel Industries, which may affect 
engagement and collaboration.The presence of differing viewpoints from individuals or organisations that may shape decision-making 
processes and drive actions previously unconsidered.Internal Stakeholders
Internal StakeholdersExternal Stakeholders
External StakeholdersExternal StakeholdersInvestors and Shareholders
Investors and ShareholdersManagement
ManagementEmployees
Employees√
√√
√√
√Local CommunitiesContractorsCustomers
Business Partners
Governments√
√
√
√
√
Local CommunitiesGovernments √√
Local CommunitiesContractorsCustomers
Business Partners√
√
√
√
Based on the assessment in 2024, material topics for the 
Company’s are energy and emissions, biodiversity, water 
and effluent, waste, local communities, occupational health 
and safety, human capital development, and ethical business practices. These topics  reinforce the relevance of the 
Company’s sustainability commitments and strategic priorities 
within its sphere of influence.
18
    Nickel Industries • Sustainability Report 2024About the Company Sustainability at Nickel Industries Sustainability Performance