=== Page 2 ===
LETTER FROM OUR MANAGING DIRECTOR   3
FY25 HIGHLIGHTS    4
ABOUT NATIONAL STORAGE    5
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY   6
- STAKEHOLDERS
- MATERIAL TOPICS
- SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWOR K
STRATEGY    9
ENVIRONMENT    12
PEOPLE    16
GOVERNANCE    21
CORPORATE DIRECTORY   23TABLE OF 
CONTENTS
REPORTING
APPROACH
National Storage acknowledges the traditional 
custodians of the lands on which we live and work 
across Australia and New Zealand. We pay our 
respects to the elders past and present of Aboriginal 
and Torres Strait Islander nations and recognise the 
unique role of Māori as Tangata Whenua (people of  
the land) of Aotearoa (New Zealand).    Our Annual Sustainability Report
National Storage REIT (‘National Storage’ or “NSR”) is 
listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:NSR) 
and is headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland.
This report reflects National Storage’s identification, 
management approach, and performance on key 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics. 
These topics are recognised as significant to the business 
and our stakeholders for the FY25 reporting period  
(1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025).
This report should be read in conjunction with the 2025 
National Storage Annual Report, Corporate Governance 
Statement and ESG Data Book, which can be found on 
our investor website www.nationalstorageinvest.com .au. 
NSR’s Modern Slavery Statement, various Board  
Charters and corporate policies are also available  
on our investor website  
www.nationalstorageinvest.com.au/governance .This report has been prepared with reference to the 
Global Reporting Initiative (2021) Standards (“GRI”) and 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(“TCFD”). Carbon emissions data has been externally 
verified by the Carbon Reduction Institute (“CRI”).
This report has been approved by the National  
Storage Board. 
Feedback and questions
Investors and other stakeholders can contact NSR 
Investor Relations on 1800 683 290. Alternatively, 
feedback or complaints can be submitted in writing  
to NSR Company Secretary at GPO Box 3239,  
Brisbane QLD 4001, Australia or via the investor  
feedback form available at:  
www.nationalstorageinvest.com.au/investor-feedback . 
Sustainability Report 2025 2

=== Page 3 ===
FY25 marks the completion of our ninth annual Sustainability 
Report. This year’s report details NSR’s progress across its 
four sustainability pillars: Strategy, Environment, People and 
Governance, and provides further information regarding our 
short, medium, and long-term sustainability targets, including 
NSR’s commitment to reducing and offsetting its scope 1 and 
2 emissions by 2030. 
We have also passed 30 years since the inception of the 
business in 1995, with the construction of our first storage 
centre at Oxley in Brisbane. This milestone allows us to reflect 
on the beneficial outcomes delivered to securityholders, 
employees, customers and the communities in which  
we operate. 
NSR has become a core part of these communities, providing 
important services to approximately 95,000 customers, many 
of which are experiencing changes and milestone life events. 
These include “empty nesters” transitioning from traditional 
family homes into downsized accommodation, people moving 
interstate or overseas, those suffering family bereavement, 
recovering from natural disasters or simply requiring secure 
affordable additional space.  
FY25 was another year of substantial growth for NSR,  
which included the acquisition of 12 new storage centres  
and 16 sites for future developments.  NSR also completed  
14 developments and expansions in FY25, adding a  
further 98,000m2 of net lettable area to our owned or 
managed portfolio.
As at 30 June 2025, there were 54 projects in NSR’s pipeline, 
including turnkey developments, development management 
agreements, greenfield and brownfield development projects, 
and expansions. Most of the current pipeline is forecast 
to be delivered over the next 2-3 years, which will create 
approximately 490,000m2 of important new built capacity. 
New centres are being designed with sustainability at the 
forefront, incorporating features such as solar power, LED 
lighting, energy efficient heating and cooling systems and  
the adaptative reuse of construction materials.
Strategy 
NSR’s Strategy pillar encompasses our approach to  
delivering industry leading ESG outcomes while providing 
growth and strong financial returns.
NSR has once again delivered strong results by executing 
its strategy. In FY25, total revenue grew 10.4% from $355.4 million to $392.4 million, and underlying earnings grew by 6.4% 
from $154.2 million to $164.0 million. NSR’s net tangible assets 
(“NTA”) increased from $2.52 to $2.58, as the value of NSR’s 
portfolio rose by 9% to $5.3 billion.
A core pillar of NSR’s growth platform is the continued 
execution of high-quality storage centre developments and 
expansions in key growth locations, with 14 centres opened  
in FY25. NSR has continued to build on its strong relationships 
with various joint venture parties and capital development 
partnerships. This has included completing the second 
tranche of the National Storage Ventures Fund (“NSVF”), 
our partnership with GIC, which now comprises 16 properties 
deploying $498 million of total capital, which resulted in  
$280 million of capital recycled to NSR’s balance sheet  
during FY25. 
Delivering the highest-quality customer service and 
optimising our customer’s experience remains a central focus 
and is critical to our ongoing success.  
We continually look to invest in 
new ways to further enhance the 
customer experience and improve the 
sustainability of the business. 
Initiatives completed or underway 
include the transitioning of operational 
processes to paperless, digital solutions, 
the unification of our Contact Centre 
platform with our operational team using 
a new cloud-based communications 
platform, and the upgrade of our website 
to allow customers to use an AI powered 
space visualiser technology to assist them in identifying the 
most suitable-sized storage unit. These initiatives have served 
to improve the customer experience, deliver sustainability 
enhancements, and provide efficiencies and cost savings 
across the business.
Environment   
NSR’s Environment pillar addresses the impact NSR has on 
the environment and the impact that climate related risks 
could have on NSR’s future growth. Last year, we announced 
our commitment to carbon neutrality of our scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030.
This year, we have reported against our carbon emission 
reduction roadmap to document and monitor our strategies 
to achieve this target. This year’s sustainability report also includes, for the first time, a detailed climate risk matrix  
which details the impact of physical and transitional climate 
risks which may affect our business in the future, and our 
approach to the management of these risks.
Our annual carbon audit again highlighted NSR’s relatively  
low carbon emissions. Our overall scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions reduced by 2.3% for the year ended 31 March 2025 
during a period where the overall size of our business has 
expanded rapidly.  Our total emissions per square metre of 
net lettable area also decreased by 6.3% due to the impact  
of our energy efficiency program. In FY25 we completed 83 
new LED lighting projects and installed a further 16 solar 
energy systems, increasing our total number of systems to 151. 
Our Smart Metering Program was completed during the year, 
helping us to reduce and better monitor our electricity use, 
providing more accurate data on energy consumption trends 
across our portfolio.
People  
NSR’s People pillar relates to how we  
create a safe and welcoming environment 
for customers and employees.  Our People 
and Culture Strategy has embedded a 
’people first‘ organisational culture within 
NSR, establishing an environment where  
our people can thrive. 
In FY25, we have once again maintained 
diverse representation with more than  
52% women in our  workforce and have 
made strong progress in increasing our staff retention rate. 
Our annual employee engagement score now sits at 80%, 
a testament to employees feeling valued and supported in 
their roles. Insights obtained from the engagement surveys 
are used to improve the experiences of employees across 
the business with a view to achieving enhanced employee 
satisfaction and strong employee retention.
Protecting the health and safety of our people and customers 
through effective safety risk management is critical to our 
business. Our approach to continual improvement aims to 
utilise resources, data and team culture to prevent incidents 
from occurring. Our focus is on learning and team support 
to ensure we get the best possible safety outcomes. These 
efforts have contributed to a reduction in our Lost Time Injury 
Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”), and a decrease in employee injuries 
requiring medical attention. 
Governance  
NSR is committed to good governance and embedding 
strong corporate governance across the business. 
We engage with stakeholders, including securityholders, 
employees, customers, suppliers and service providers, 
communities, industry bodies, regulators and financial 
institutions, to ensure that their evolving ESG concerns 
are addressed. By fostering transparency and open 
communication, National Storage seeks to build trust and 
fulfill its social responsibilities.
We recognise that our operating activities expose us to 
potential risks. Risk is centrally managed to minimise potential 
adverse effects on the business, employees, customers and 
other stakeholders and protect long-term securityholder value.
Looking ahead  
During FY25, the Australian Accounting Standards  
Board finalised the mandatory AASB S2 climate-related 
disclosure standard, which requires NSR to comply with 
new climate reporting obligations in FY26. During FY25, our 
external auditors Ernst & Young (“EY”) completed a review 
of our readiness for mandatory climate-related disclosure 
reporting in FY26. Recommendations from the review were 
considered by NSR and we continue to progress with our 
ASRS roadmap to ensure compliance.
We remain focused on delivering excellent customer service, 
embracing digital innovation, and working towards achieving 
carbon neutrality in terms of our scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions. We believe that these industry-leading initiatives 
will not only provide positive environmental outcomes but also 
deliver long-term value to key stakeholders.
On behalf of National Storage, thank you for your support and 
interest in the business. We invite our stakeholders to continue 
engaging with us and welcome feedback on this report.LETTER FROM OUR 
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Sustainability – 
instilling trust  and 
confidence that we 
are building a resilient 
and sustainable 
business for our 
stakeholders.
ANDREW 
CATSOULIS
Andrew Catsoulis
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Sustainability Report 2025 3

=== Page 6 ===
Sustainability Report 20256
APPROACH TO
SUSTAINABILITY
Stakeholders
Our sustainability approach is grounded in understanding 
the topics that matter to stakeholders and value and 
prioritise our relationships with our employees, customers, 
partners and investors. 
Investors/  
Securityholders Customers 
We interact with our investors and securityholders 
through our regular market announcements, half 
yearly reporting, and our Annual General Meeting. 
We also hold investor meetings throughout the year 
and respond to queries and feedback via our investor 
centre on the National Storage website. We communicate with our customers both in-person 
and through an array of platforms, including digital 
channels and via our dedicated customer care teams 
based in Australia and New Zealand. 
n     Economic performance 
n     Strategy 
n      Distributions
n      Risk management
n      Trust and transparencyn     Customer experience  
n      Employee and customer health 
and safety 
n      Digital innovation 
STAKEHOLDERSTAKEHOLDER
ENGAGEMENT APPROACHENGAGEMENT APPROACH
MATERIAL TOPICSMATERIAL TOPICS
Suppliers and  
service providers We interact with our suppliers throughout the term of 
an engagement, commencing with our procurement 
risk assessment and supplier onboarding, through 
to prompt settlement of payments. We partner with 
key suppliers to ensure the products we sell are 
made sustainability. We also engage with suppliers in 
accordance with our modern slavery program. n     Environmentally efficient operations
n     Modern slavery 
Communities  We engage with communities by contributing to 
local, regional, and national causes in areas where 
we operate throughout Australia and New Zealand.
We principally do this through our NS Cares program, 
which includes community partnerships, employee 
volunteering, and philanthropic donations.n    Community involvement
Industry bodies 
and regulators  We engage with regulators, including the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), 
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (“APRA”), 
and the Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”), 
through the general administration of our company 
activities and reporting. We also monitor and 
consider engagement in consultation opportunities 
as and when bodies propose regulatory changes. 
National Storage is also a member of Australian 
Institute of Health and Safety (“AIHS”) and Australian 
Financial Complaints Authority (“AFCA”).n     Responding to changing  
ESG environment 
n     Carbon emissions
Financial institutions   We engage with various financial institutions, including 
our lenders and investors, through regular reporting, 
communications, and events, helping to maintain 
relationships at all appropriate levels.n     Economic performance 
n     Risk management
Sustainability Report 2025 6Employees National Storage is committed to providing a 
safe and healthy workplace. We interact with our 
employees through induction, training, development 
activities and regular communications. Employees 
receive periodic performance review conversations 
and opportunities exist for continued career 
development. Exit interviews are undertaken with 
employees leaving the business to provide learnings 
and insights.n     Employee and customer health  
and safety 
n     Employee engagement, 
development and wellbeing
n     Diversity and inclusion
n     Talent attraction and retention
n     Community involvement