=== Page 1 ===
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT  
 
 
To the Stakeholders of Northern Star Resources Limited (“Northern Star”)  
 
Conclusion  
Reasonable Assurance Conclusion  
In our opinion, the total Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions of 836,894 tCO 2eq and 467,881 tCO 2eq reported by Northern Star, 
along with the associated GHG emissions methods, assumptions, and estimation uncertainty within the scope of our reasonable a ssurance engagement, 
are fairly presented and prepared in all material respects in accordance with the Reporting Criteria, as disclosed in Northern Star's Environment and Social 
Responsibility (ESR) Disclosure Suite (“the ESR Suite”) for the period of 1st July 2024  to 30th June 2025 . 
 
Limited Assurance Conclusion  
Based on the procedures  we have performed and evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe  the Sustainability 
Information, including associated methods, assumptions, and estimation uncertainty within the scope of our limited assurance engagement , included  in 
Northern Star's ESR Suite for the period of 1st July 2024  to 30th June 2025 , is not fairly presented and prepared, in all material  respects, in accordance 
with the Reporting Criteria, . 
 Scope of the Assurance Engagement  
The scope of assurance was limited to the Sustainability Information and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions related to Northern S tar's operating assets: 
Kalgoorlie Production Centre, Yandal Production Centre, Pilbara Operations, Pogo Production Centre, Perth Corporate Office, and Exploration, for the 
period of 1
st July 2024 to 30th June 2025.  
 
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement over Northern Star's Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. We also conducted a li mited assurance 
engagement over the Sustainability Information presented within the GRI Index of the ESR Suite.  
 Our assurance engagement does not extend to any other information included in the ESR Suite or information from earlier periods. We have not performed 
any procedures on the excluded information and, therefore, do not express any conclusion on it.  
 
Reporting Criteria  
The reporting criteria used for the reporting of the Sustainability Information subject to assurance are the GRI Standards is sued by the Global Sustainability 
Standards Board (GSSB). The ESR Suite was prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards including the reporting principles and additional 
requirements specified  in GRI 1: Foundation 2021.  
 
The reporting criteria used for the reporting of the GHG emissions are the GHG Protocol  Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) 
(2015) issued by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and G RI Standards.  
 
Northern Star ’s Responsibilities  
Management of Northern Star was responsible for:  
- Selecting and establishing suitable reporting criteria for preparing the disclosures  subject to assurance.  
- Preparing and presenting the disclosures  in accordance with the Reporting Criteria.  
- Designing, implementing, and maintaining internal controls relevant to the preparation of  the disclosures  that is free from material misstatement 
whether due to fraud or error . 
- Advising us of any known or suspected issues related to the disclosures . 
 Inherent Uncertainty in preparing GHG disclosures  
The GHG quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because of incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values 
needed to combine emissions of different gases .  
 
Our Responsibilities  
Bureau Veritas  Australia Pty Ltd (“Bureau Veritas”)  was responsible for:  
- Planning and performing the engagement to obtain the intended level of assurance about whether the disclosures  are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error . 
- Forming an independent conclusion based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained.  
- Reporting our conclusion to the Directors of Northern Star . 
 
Bureau Veritas was not involved in the drafting of the ESR Suite and our independence has not been compromised.  
 
Summary of Work Performed  
Our reasonable assurance engagement on the GHG emissions was performed in accordance with ISAE 3410 Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse 
Gas Statements  issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB ).

=== Page 2 ===
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our limited assurance engagement on the Sustainability Information was conducted in accordance with ISAE 3000 Assurance Engagements other than 
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by IAASB , and informed by Bureau Veritas' standard procedures and guidelines for external 
verification and assurance of ESG Information and Sustainability Reports  
 
Our work was planned and executed in a manner designed to produce the intended  level of assurance and to provide a sound basis for our conclusions.  
 
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgement and included enquiries, observation of processes perform ed, inspection of 
documents, analytical procedures, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and reporting policies , and agreeing or reconciling with 
underlying records. In undertaking our assurance engagement, our procedures comprised:  
 
- Review of the suitability and application of the Reporting Criteria used as the basis for preparing the disclosures . 
- Enquiries of Northern Star representatives to gain an understanding and evaluate implementation of processes , systems  and internal controls  
to collect, aggregate, calculate, analyse and report the disclosures . 
- Enquiries of personnel  responsible for the performance of the processes and preparation of the disclosures . 
- Review of documentary evidence produced by Northern Star representatives .  
- Comprehensive performance data testing, involving source verification as well as mathematical accuracy of the calculations pertaining the 
disclosures.  
- Assessment of whether the methods for developing estimates are appropriate and had been consistently applied.  
- Review of the presentation and disclosure of the Sustainability Information and GHG emissions within the ESR Suite.  
- Request  of Management Representation Letter on key assertions.  
 
The scope of a limited assurance engagement is significantly narrower than a reasonable assurance engagement. This includes f ewer risk assessment 
procedures, a more limited understanding of internal controls, and less extensive responsive testing. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a 
limited engagement is substantially lower than a reasonable assurance. Even a reasonable assurance engagement, while providing a high level of assurance, does not guarantee the detection of all material misstatements, should they exist.  
 
Inherent  Limitations and Exclusions  
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to:  
- Activities outside the defined reporting period.  
- Statements of commitment to, or intention to undertake future actions by Northern Star . 
- Statements of position, opinion, belief and/or aspiration by Northern Star .  
- Financial data audited by an external third party.  
- Other sites and/or activities not included in the scope.  
 
This independent assurance statement should not be relied upon to detect all errors, omissions or misstatements that may exis t within the ESR Suite . 
 
Statement of Independence, Impartiality , Competence  
Bureau Veritas is a global leader in Testing, Inspection and Certification (“TIC”) services  whose  mission is to support its clients complying with regulations, 
managing risks and improving performance to meet the challenges of quality, health, safety, hygiene, environmental protection and social responsibility. 
Leveraging its renowned expertise, as well as its impartiality, integrity and independence, Bureau Veritas has helped build t rust between companies, 
public authorities and consumers for nearly 200 years  (https://group.bureauveritas.com/ ).  
 Bureau Veritas operates a quality management system across its activities and has implemented a robust Code of Ethics to maintain high ethical standards 
among its personnel and business partners in their day -to-day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention  of conflicts of interest.  
 
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Northern Star , its Directors  or Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We 
have conducted this assurance engagement independently and there has been no conflict of interest.  
 
The assurance team was selected based on its extensive i ndustry sector knowledge and experience in conducting independent verification, validation 
and assurance of Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) information and associated systems and processes.  
  
Bureau Veritas Australia Pty Ltd  
20
th August 2025  
 Jeremy Leu  
General Manager, Perth, Australia