=== Table 1 (page 1) ===
"T
o the Stakeholders of Northern Star Resources Limited (“Northern Star”)"
"C
onclusion"
Reasonable Assurance Conclusion
"In our opinion, the total Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions of 836,894 tCO2eq and 467,881 tCO2eq reported by Northern Star,"
"along with the associated GHG emissions methods, assumptions, and estimation uncertainty within the scope of our reasonable assurance engagement,"
"are fairly presented and prepared in all material respects in accordance with the Reporting Criteria, as disclosed in Northern Star's Environment and Social"
Responsibility (ESR) Disclosure Suite (“the ESR Suite”) for the period of 1st July 2024 to 30th June 2025.
"L
imited Assurance Conclusion"
"Based on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe the Sustainability"
"Information, including associated methods, assumptions, and estimation uncertainty within the scope of our limited assurance engagement, included in"
"Northern Star's ESR Suite for the period of 1st July 2024 to 30th June 2025, is not fairly presented and prepared, in all material respects, in accordance"
"with the Reporting Criteria,."
"S
cope of the Assurance Engagement"
The scope of assurance was limited to the Sustainability Information and Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions related to Northern Star's operating assets:
"Kalgoorlie Production Centre, Yandal Production Centre, Pilbara Operations, Pogo Production Centre, Perth Corporate Office, and Exploration, for the"
period of 1st July 2024 to 30th June 2025.
"W
e performed a reasonable assurance engagement over Northern Star's Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. We also conducted a limited assurance"
engagement over the Sustainability Information presented within the GRI Index of the ESR Suite.
"O
ur assurance engagement does not extend to any other information included in the ESR Suite or information from earlier periods. We have not performed"
"any procedures on the excluded information and, therefore, do not express any conclusion on it."
"R
eporting Criteria"
The reporting criteria used for the reporting of the Sustainability Information subject to assurance are the GRI Standards issued by the Global Sustainability
Standards  Board  (GSSB).  The  ESR  Suite  was  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  GRI  Standards  including  the  reporting  principles  and  additional
requirements specified in GRI 1: Foundation 2021.
"T
he reporting criteria used for the reporting of the GHG emissions are the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)"
(2015) issued by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and GRI Standards.