=== Page 3 ===
About this report
This report was prepared by Nufarm Limited (ABN 37 091 323 312) to provide an understanding of how our business 
processes support our sustainability objectives and how we navigated key sustainability challenges for our financial 
year ending 30 September  2024 (‘FY24’ or ‘this year’). Nufarm prepares an annual sustainability report, aligned with 
our financial  reporting year. It is prepared for our employees, non-government organisations, investors, financiers, 
customers, suppliers, and government bodies for information purposes only. Alongside this report, we use various 
tools to engage with local stakeholders, seeking to address their specific  concerns. This report should be read in 
conjunction with our annual report which provides further insights into our management practices, operations, and 
financial  performance. It was approved by Nufarm's board of directors and published on 13 December  2024.
The report was prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards 
2021 and progresses towards alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). An 
independent assurer undertook limited assurance of our greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption. The 
assurance certificate  is in Appendix 9.
The information in this report relates to Nufarm Limited and its wholly owned subsidiaries listed in Appendix 2. 
Entities included in this report , covering, among other things:
•all of the wholly owned subsidiaries of Nufarm Limited that employ people
•all of the manufacturing sites in our Crop Protection business
•all of the purchasing activities of our Crop Protection business. 
More information about the specific  environmental, social and governance (ESG) data provided per entity is set out 
in Appendix 3. 
References to ‘Nufarm’, ‘the organisation’, ‘we’, ‘our’, ‘us’ are to Nufarm Limited and the wholly owned subsidiaries 
included in Appendix 2. Nufarm Limited shares trade on the ASX under the listing code of NUF . Any previously 
published data requiring restatement is included in Appendix 9.
All references to sustainability target delivery dates should be read as the end of our financial  year for the reference 
year; for example, a target delivery date of 'by FY25' means by 30 September  2025.
All financial  data is presented in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
Forward-looking statements and scenario analysis
This report contains forward-looking statements, including our expected business strategies, business performance 
and market conditions including with respect to climate change and other environmental and energy transition 
scenarios. While these forward-looking statements reflect  Nufarm’s current knowledge, expectations and 
assumptions at the date of this report, they are not guarantees or predictions of future performance or statements 
of fact and Nufarm does not give any assurance that the assumptions will prove to be correct. They involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual outcomes and developments to differ materially from 
those expressed in the statements contained in this report. More information about Nufarm’s risks are set out on 
pages 27 to 32 of our annual report. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide for future performance.
In the report we use two terms to talk about our future ambitions: "Targets" are used where we have a clear and 
credible pathway to support the achievement of the stated target. For these, we have an implementation plan and 
where appropriate allocated budget funding. "Goals" are used where we have intentions to achieve a long-term 
outcome but where the exact plan on how to get there and the delivery time-frame is still uncertain. Both goals and 
targets involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual outcomes and developments to 
differ materially from those expressed in the goals and targets contained in the report.
This report contains scenario analysis related to potential climate impacts. Scenario analysis has inherent limitations, 
including its reliance on assumptions that may or may not prove to be correct or eventuate, and may be impacted by 
factors apart from the assumptions disclosed. It is difficult  to predict which (if any) of the scenarios might eventuate. 
Nufarm cautions readers against undue reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance. Except as required 
by applicable laws or regulations, Nufarm does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.
Contact details
Our head office  is: Nufarm Limited, 103–105 Pipe Road, Laverton North, VIC 3026 Australia.
For information about this report, telephone: +61 3 9282 1000 or visit our website, Nufarm.com
Nufarm Limited  | 2024 Sustainability Report 3
Executive summary About us Our approach 
to materiality1. Governance 2. Sustainable 
agricultural innovation3. People 4. Planet 5. Appendices

=== Page 4 ===
CEO message
At Nufarm, we continue to play a role in 
accelerating plant science and technology to 
protect crops, increase yields and help the world 
grow enough affordable food, feed, fuel and fibre.
As we look ahead to 2025, the challenges and opportunities 
facing global agriculture have never been clearer—or more 
urgent. Globally, 2023 was the warmest year on record 
according to NASA, and the increase in extreme heat events, 
along with the intensity of heavy rainfall events bring challenges 
to the entire agriculture and food industry.
In FY24, we refreshed our materiality study, emerging with a 
set of five topics that are critical to our operations and that we 
have an impact on. These topics will guide our sustainability 
efforts across the group and help us address the challenges the 
industry faces.
A key tenet of our philosophy at Nufarm is that these 
challenges cannot be faced alone. Partnerships across industry 
are critical so that collective action can have meaningful impact. 
We continue to collaborate with leading research institutions, 
universities, startups and other industry stakeholders up and 
down the value chain. These partners bring a diversity of 
ideas and approaches that help our teams innovate in ways 
we could not do on our own. Together, we are helping to 
address emerging challenges in crop health, pest resistance 
and sustainable farming practices.
We our proud of the fact that we are known in the industry 
as "easy to do business with" which is a critical component of 
our customer value proposition. Our employees strengthen that 
reputation every day in the way they transact with customers, 
suppliers and each other. Our team is now 3,159 employees 
across the world and they represent more than 80 nationalities.Our employees and the diversity of their thinking fuel Nufarm's 
growth. In FY24, we publicly reported our gender pay gap 
data to the Australian Government. We recognise there is more 
work to do in advancing gender equity and we have active 
plans and behaviours in place to foster a workplace that is 
both inclusive and forward-thinking. We remain committed to 
our gender target of 40:40:20 in our senior leadership team 
by FY30.
We continue to invest in our employees' safety, capability, 
growth and wellbeing. Our latest engagement survey confirms 
a GLINT top-quartile satisfaction rate, with employees 
reporting high scores in safety, authenticity and empowerment
—a reflection  of our commitment to an inclusive, values-
driven culture.
In FY24, our omega-3 business signed distribution agreements 
with key food players seeking to use our Nutriterra oil as an 
ingredient in their own products, citing the improved health 
profile  of our oil as a benefit.  Our Aquaterra oil continues 
to gain traction in the aquaculture industry as that industry 
looks for solutions that bring additional sustainability to their 
own operations.
We see our role in emissions reduction as twofold: We can 
reduce our own emissions, and we can help others reduce their 
emissions via our bioenergy solutions.
FY24 saw us sign a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with 
Origin Energy’s Stockyard Hill Wind Farm in Australia. This will 
help us progressively offset our greenhouse gas emissions from 
our manufacturing site at Laverton and our seed innovation 
centre at Horsham over the five year contract.
In FY24, we started to scale and further commercialise 
carinata, our sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) feedstock. With 
increased regulation requiring SAF mandatory percentages 
in the European market, Nufarm's carinata solution provides 
a viable alternative—bringing increased income to carinata 
growers, and improved soil health and downstream emission 
reduction benefits  to fuel distributors and airlines. We are also 
scaling our energy cane solution, with increased plantings in 
the important Brazilian market.
We remain focused on expanding our climate strategy, with 
plans for initiatives that will further reduce emissions and waste 
across our manufacturing sites, and prepare for expanded 
emissions reporting aligned with regulatory frameworks.
Sustainability challenges for the agriculture and food industry 
remain daunting as it looks to feed more than 10 billion 
people by 2050 with existing land. However, at Nufarm we 
remain confident  that our industry will rise to the challenges 
through innovative thinking, new approaches to data and 
collaborative partnerships that can bring valuable solutions 
to reality. Nufarm's core offering remains critical to helping 
growers increase yields, operate safely and regenerate their 
soils with practices such as minimum tillage, the use of cover 
crops and carbon sequestration. We remain committed to 
helping our customers reach their sustainability goals while we 
also achieve our own.
Greg Hunt 
Managing Director and CEO, Nufarm Limited
4 Nufarm Limited  | 2024 Sustainability Report

=== Page 6 ===
Executive summary
Nufarm's purpose is to 'grow a better tomorrow'. Agricultural sustainability and the sustainability of our 
operations are integral to achieving our purpose.
Governance
Nufarm is committed to having policies and practices that 
reflect  a high standard of corporate governance. The board 
considers that Nufarm’s governance framework and adherence 
to that framework are fundamental in demonstrating that the 
directors are accountable to shareholders, are overseeing the 
management of risk and are promoting a culture of ethical, 
lawful and responsible behaviour within Nufarm.
During FY24, the board finalised  its board renewal program 
(commenced in FY22), facilitating a diverse mix of skills, 
experience and tenure that is aligned with the future of 
our business.
We seek to comply with our regulatory obligations and this year 
received no material fines.
Further information on our governance approach is in our 
corporate governance statement, on pages 35 to 52 of our 
FY24 annual report.
Sustainable agricultural innovation
For us, 'agricultural sustainability' means the ability of the 
agricultural value chain to reliably and securely produce 
affordable food, feed, fuel and fibre in ways that regenerate 
the environment and protect the needs of future generations. 
We strive to enable this by engaging with our customers 
to understand their needs and bring innovative solutions to 
market. Sustainable agricultural innovation is a tier one material 
topic for Nufarm.Our crop protection products and solutions contribute towards 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), 
'Zero hunger' and 'Life on land'. They protect crops from 
weeds, diseases and pests and contribute to a more reliable 
and affordable food system.
Our nutritional portfolio provides renewable plant-based 
sources of protein and nutrition while also preserving the 
biodiversity of our oceans, contributing to the UN SDGs, 
'Life below water' and 'Life on land'. Our Nuseed Omega-3 
oil produces higher quality outputs in fish and nutritional 
supplements.1 In FY24 we were recertified  by Friend of 
the Sea® for the contribution of our omega-3 canola to 
biodiversity protection.
Our bioenergy portfolio of carinata and energy cane provides a 
source of renewable fuel, contributing towards the UN SDGs, 
'Climate action' and 'Life on land'. Nuseed Carinata is an 
accredited sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) that can be used with 
existing infrastructure for liquid fuels. FY24 saw an increased 
area of carinata plantings and also saw carinata added to 
the Annex IX 2 list of feedstocks, setting the crop up for an 
increased market presence as the European SAF requirement 
percentages increase over time.
Figure 1: We deliver commercial solutions that contribute to addressing three sustainability challenges the 
world faces.3,4,5
Strengthening
food security and 
affordability1
By 2050, 10B people
will need to be fed affordably, 
reliably and sustainably Protecting
marine
biodiversity2
Oceans are increasingly
overﬁshed to meet growing needs 
for protein and omega-3Decarbonising
emissions-intensive 
industries3
Aviation is responsible for 
approximately 3.5 per cent of 
greenhouse gas emissions
1Ruyter, B et al. (2019) n-3 Canola oil effectively replaces fish oil as a new safe dietary source of DHA in feed for juvenile Atlantic salmon, National Library of 
Medicine, Vol 122, December 2019, doi: 10.1017/S0007114519002356.
2EU Commission delegated directive of 14 March  2024 amending Annex IX to Directive (EU) 2018/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council as 
regards adding feedstock for the production of biofuels and biogas.
3Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (2023) The State of Food Security and Nutrition in the World 2023 https://openknowledge.fao.org/
server/api/core/bitstreams/1f66b67b-1e45-45d1-b003-86162fd35dab/content
4World Ocean Review (2021) The Ocean, Guarantor of Life – Sustainable Use, Effective Protection, World Ocean Review. https://
worldoceanreview.com/en/wor-7/
5Masum, FH et al. (2023) Supply chain optimization of sustainable aviation fuel from carinata in the southeastern United States, Renewable and Sustainable 
Energy Reviews, Vol 171, January 2023, 113032.
6 Nufarm Limited  | 2024 Sustainability Report