=== Page 7 ===
FY25 OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Positioned well for continued growth. Operations & Sustainability
Financial
120.6146.7166.3195.1207.9
FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25266.7 262.1288.8334.8391.0
FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25
UNDERLYING EBITA(2)
5-year CAGR 11.5%$207.9M
UNDERLYING EBITDA(1)
5-year CAGR 8.0%$391.0M
FY25 REVENUE
5-year CAGR 8.0%$3.3B2,2222,3672,6672,9133,268
FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25
CASH  
HOLDINGS$265.7M
STRONG ORDER 
BOOK$6.1B
UNDERLYING
EARNINGS PER SHARE27.9CPS
FULLY FRANKED 
FINAL DIVIDEND9.5CPS
(1) EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and non-underlying transactions. 
(2) Underlying EBITA is earnings before interest, taxes, amortisation of acquisition intangibles and non-underlying transactions.Opened Wilman Wadandi 
Highway in December 2024Refinanced Corporate  
Debt Facility
51%  
Reduction in Emissions 
Intensity within our 
Facilities  
(On FY20 Baseline) (FY24: 39%)18.7%  
Female participation rate  
(FY24: 17.2%)Acquired HSE with 
successful integration into 
Golding’s businessLaunched Sealed Pan 
Feeder at MineExpo
CIVIL
REVENUE$823.7M
UNDERLYING EBITA$44.2M
MINING
REVENUE$1,541.2M
UNDERLYING EBITA$121.0M
MET
REVENUE$932.0M
UNDERLYING EBITA$68.3M
Strategic Sector ExposuresThe underlying performance of our business, in what were some challenging 
market conditions, was again excellent, with several of our businesses delivering 
record results in this, our 30th year in operation. 
Jules Pemberton 
CEO & Managing Director
NRW HOLDINGS LIMITED  |  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
6

=== Page 11 ===
CEO  
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS CONTINUED HIGHLIGHTS
Fredon acquisition in October 2025  
L – R: Alan Lipman (Fredon – Former Chairman and major 
shareholder), Jules Pemberton (NRW Holdings – CEO and 
Managing Director), Scott Olsen (Fredon – CEO).
Extraordinary service milestones. RCR Workshop Manager in 
Welshpool, Steve Ewers (left), celebrated 30 years of service 
and Tony Littlefair (roght) celebrated an incredible 40 years of 
commitment as a Boilermaker.
Contract wins and collaboration success. We celebrated contract 
wins in 2025. Regardless of the scope, our capacity for seamless 
execution and adaptability is consistently demonstrated across our 
portfolio. 
We announced a partnership with Supply Nation to increase 
Indigenous participation in our supply chain by connecting with 
the right Indigenous businesses to meet our operational needs. Minerals, Energy & Technologies
MET revenue increased substantially to $932.0 million, 
up 17.7% from FY24, while the underlying EBITA of $68.3 
million (FY24: $45.5 million) reflected growth from all four 
businesses. Profit margins improved from 5.8% to 7.3%. 
Primero’s record revenues in FY25 were underpinned by 
substantial progress on the $973 million KCGM Fimiston 
Growth Project for Northern Star Resources in Western 
Australia. Other highlights included: 
• Successful completion and close-out of Pilbara 
Minerals’ P680 project and Rio Tinto’s Western Range 
NPI project, both in Western Australia. 
• Successful project awards with Rio Tinto for its 
Coastal Water Supply Sustaining project for ~$100 
million and Hope Downs 2 Satellite & Bedded Hilltop 
NPI Facilities for an approximate value of $157 million. 
DIAB produced a very strong performance, with profit 
significantly exceeding budget driven by disciplined 
operational controls and a continued focus on margin 
optimisation. DIAB expanded its national footprint, 
successfully securing and delivering projects in New South 
Wales and Queensland.
OFI continued its growth trajectory in FY25, delivering 
record revenue and margin expansion. The business 
effectively leveraged synergies across MET and the 
broader NRW Group. Highlights included securing electrical 
instrumentation and overhead powerline transmission 
works for BHP’s Jimblebar East project in collaboration 
with NRW Civil & Mining, supporting Primero on the KCGM 
Fimiston Growth Project and partnering with RCR to deliver 
in-pit substations and switches for Fortescue.
RCR delivered a strong turnaround performance, achieving 
profit above budget. This was driven by a strategic focus 
on optimising overheads, extracting operational efficiencies 
and advancing innovative product development. These 
initiatives collectively strengthened the business’ financial 
position and operational resilience and expanding the 
domestic and international markets in which it operates. 
PEOPLE & SAFETY
NRW’s people remain at the core of our success. Their 
dedication, resilience and contributions have been 
instrumental in driving the Company’s continued growth 
and performance over the past year. The Company is 
grateful for the commitment and efforts of our people, 
whose collective achievements continue to shape NRW’s 
progress and future. 
As already noted, NRW’s head count at 30 June 2025 was 
approximately 8,800 employees (FY24: 7,400) and we 
were pleased to welcome Fredon’s 2,500-strong workforce 
post year-end. 
The Company’s Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate 
increased to 5.92 as of 30 June 2025 (FY24: 4.68), which 
is a disappointing outcome. NRW will continue with an enhanced focus on leading indicators that correlate to our 
fatality risks, especially in the reporting and analysis of 
metrics within our Critical Risk Management Program.
In FY25, the Company continued to develop and review 
the Group HSE Strategy while strengthening our internal 
capabilities to further enhance the Group’s health and 
safety systems and processes. NRW also strengthened 
the Group’s commitment to psychosocial safety. Education 
remains a focus at all levels and business units are 
advancing relevant risk reduction strategies. 
NRW’s commitment to respectful workplaces was 
reinforced through unconscious bias and respectful 
behaviour training, acknowledging and celebrating key 
events, including International Women’s Day, NAIDOC 
Week and R U OK? Day, and fostering awareness and 
engagement across the Group. 
NRW continues to prioritise the development of its people. 
The Company is proud to support a continued pipeline of 
talent, with 156 apprentices, 41 graduates, 35 trainees, 
eight undergraduates and two interns.
CLIMATE & ENVIRONMENT
In FY25, NRW further reduced the Group’s carbon footprint 
within our managed facilities through the installation of 
solar and other energy efficiency practices. Through Group 
businesses like OFI, we also provided clients with solutions 
to assist them on their decarbonisation journey, for example 
delivering a portable kiosk substation, fast-charger kiosk 
enclosure and in-pit field switch to assist with a large-scale 
decarbonisation project.
We also commenced mapping our value chain to determine 
the Scope 3 emissions boundary across our business units. 
We expect to finalise this work towards the end of calendar 
2025 to establish a baseline for FY26 as part of the new 
mandatory climate reporting requirements.
Aligned with our commitment to reduce our carbon footprint 
and integrate sustainability into our operations, the team 
continued to focus on opportunities in tenders to support 
clients on the sustainability journey. 
OUTLOOK
We entered FY26 in a strong position with an order book 
of $6.1 billion and a robust pipeline of near-term prospects 
of $17.3 billion. The outlook is positive across all three of 
our existing pillars and we look forward to first earnings 
from our fourth pillar, EMIT, on the back of Fredon having 
secured work in hand of ~$1 billion and a pipeline of $3.6 
billion.
The Civil segment is well positioned to secure near-term 
opportunities and working on a record level of active tenders. 
Additionally, Western Australia is experiencing a surge 
in infrastructure development, with major opportunities 
emerging across key sectors involving Westport, Perth Airport and the Department of Defence. The Queensland 
business is leveraged to the ongoing demand in the south-
east Queensland housing market, population growth 
and infrastructure spend ahead of the 2032 Olympics in 
Brisbane. 
The Mining segment continues to be well placed to deliver 
a sustained period of success with visibility of future 
revenue across various long-term customer relationships 
and multi-period contracts. Mining continues a process 
of partnering with existing clients to secure contract 
extensions and pursue further opportunities to secure new 
work in commodities including gold and copper to expand 
the diversity of the portfolio. 
MET’s growth is driven by its ability to deliver a 
comprehensive service offering across diverse 
commodities and market sectors. In addition to organic 
expansion, strategic diversification both in capabilities and 
geographic reach remains a key priority, unlocking further 
opportunities for the Group. Leveraging Golding’s market 
-leading presence in Queensland presents a significant 
growth opportunity for Primero and DIAB. 
The innovation initiatives that are occurring across MET 
are expected to enhance competitiveness in the future 
and potentially deliver major new sources of revenue and 
profitability outside of direct contracting. 
At a consolidated level NRW has already secured $3.8 
billion of its $7.1 billion order book to position us well for 
continued growth for FY26 and beyond. This outlook is 
further supported by $7.6 billion in active tenders and the 
robust pipeline. 
With the acquisition of Fredon now complete, NRW’s 
updated guidance for FY26 has revenue in excess of $4 
billion, with underlying EBITA of between $255 million to 
$265 million. Cash conversion should be consistent with 
long-term averages.
A sincere thanks must go to the NRW team for their 
dedication and commitment in this 30th year of operations 
for our group. NRW’s continued growth and success would 
not be possible without your efforts.
I also want to thank my Senior Leadership Team for their 
support and the Board for their advice and guidance 
throughout the year.
Jules Pemberton
CEO and Managing Director
NRW Holdings Limited
NRW HOLDINGS LIMITED  |  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
10

=== Page 26 ===
NRW HOLDINGS LIMITED  |  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 11DIRECTORS’  REPORT CONTINUED 
NRW HOLDINGS  LIMITED  | ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT S 2025 11 Operating Segments Continued 
Minerals, Energy & Technologies  
The MET s egment  includes Primero Group (Primero), RCR Mining Technologies (RCR), DIAB Engineering (DIAB) and Overflow 
Industrial (OFI). Primero is a multidisciplinary engineering business that specialises in the design, construction, operation and 
maintenance of global resource projects across the mineral processing, energy and N on-P rocess Infrastructure (NPI) market 
segments. RCR is a leading OEM that offers innovative materials handling design capability. DIAB is an engineering and 
fabrication services provider to the metals and mining industry and provides specialist maintenance (shutdown services and 
onsite maintenance), industrial engineering and construction services. OFI specialises in industrial electrical engineering, 
automation, switchboard design and  manufacture, instrumentation and electrical design and construction across a number of 
sectors including mining and resources, government and defence, fuels and explosives, infrastructure, utilities and industrial 
processing.  
Results summary ($M)  
 FY25 FY24 
Revenue  932.0   791.8   
Underlying EBIT A 68.3 7.3% 45.5 5.8%  
MET revenue increased substantially to $932.0  million , up 17.7%  from $791.8 million in FY24, reflecting growth in revenue and 
earnings contributions from all four businesses. Profitability  also improved from 5.8% to 7. 3%. DIAB and OFI delivered strong 
profit result s, while RCR’s enhanced profit margins were achieved through cost base  restructuring and a strategic focus on key 
growth markets . Primero  achieved  record revenues in FY25, underpinned by substantial progress on the KCGM Fimiston Growth 
Project,  further reinforcing the Group’s overall growth trajectory.  
Primero  
The Primero business performed strongly in FY25, with revenue and profitability exceeding expectations. This success was driv en 
by the improved operational performance of key projects delivered during the period.  
Highlights included:  
•• Successful completion and close out of Pilbara Minerals P680 project and Rio Tinto’s Western Range NPI project . 
•• Continued delivery of the significant KCGM Fimiston Growth Project for Northern Star Resources, awarded in 
July 2023, where engineering, procurement and fabrication scopes are largely  completed. The project is now  focused 
on the delivery of onsite construction activities . 
•• Successful  project awards  with Rio Tinto for its Coastal Water Supply Sustaining project  for circa $100 million and 
Hope Downs 2 Satellite & Bedded Hilltop NPI Facilities for an approximate value of $157 million.  
RCR 
RCR delivered a strong turnaround performance achieving profit above budget  for the year . This was driven by a strategic focus 
on optimising overheads, extracting operational  efficiencies and advancing innovative product development. These initiatives 
collectively strengthened the business’ financial position and operational  resilience  and expanding the domestic and international 
markets in which it operates . 
DIAB 
DIAB produced a very strong performance , with profit significantly  exceeding budget for the year . This result was driven by 
disciplined operational controls and a continued focus on margin  optimisation . During the year , DIAB expanded its national 
footprint,  successfully securing and delivering projects in New South Wales and Queensland. Key contribut ors to its  performance 
included the successful completion and commissioning of the P1000 Brownfields SMP package for Pilbara Minerals and the 
substantial completion of SMP packages at Mt. Weld for Lynas.  
OFI 
OFI continued its grow th trajectory  during the period, delivering record revenue and margin expansion. The business effectively  
leveraged synergies across MET and the broader NRW Group to secure several high- value projects aligned with a global shift 
toward electrification and decarbonisation. Notable highlights included securing electrical instrumentation and overhead 
powerline transmission works for BHP’s Jimblebar East project in collaboration with NRW Civil & Mining, supporting Primero on 
the KCGM Fimiston  Growth  Project  and partnering with RCR to deliver in- pit substations and switches for FMG , both being critical 
infrastructure supporting low emission mining operations.   DIRECTORS’ REPORT  CONTINUED