=== Table 1 (page 11) ===
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS CONTINUED,,HIGHLIGHTS
"enhanced focus on leading indicators that correlate to our 
Minerals, Energy & Technologies",Airport  and  the  Department  of  Defence.  The  Queensland,
"fatality  risks,  especially  in  the  reporting  and  analysis  of",business is leveraged to the ongoing demand in the south-,
"MET  revenue 
increased  substantially 
to  $932.0  million,",,
metrics within our Critical Risk Management Program.,"east  Queensland 
housing  market, 
population 
growth",
"up 17.7% from FY24, while the underlying EBITA of $68.3",,
,and  infrastructure  spend  ahead  of  the  2032  Olympics  in,
"In  FY25,  the  Company  continued  to  develop  and  review 
million (FY24: $45.5 million) reflected growth from all four",,
,Brisbane.,
"the  Group  HSE  Strategy  while  strengthening  our  internal 
businesses. Profit margins improved from 5.8% to 7.3%.",,
"capabilities 
to 
further  enhance 
the  Group’s  health  and",The Mining segment continues to be well placed to deliver,
Primero’s  record  revenues  in  FY25  were  underpinned  by,,
safety  systems  and  processes.  NRW  also  strengthened,"a  sustained  period  of  success  with  visibility  of 
future",
substantial  progress  on  the  $973  million  KCGM  Fimiston,,
the Group’s commitment to psychosocial safety. Education,revenue  across  various  long-term  customer  relationships,
Growth  Project  for  Northern  Star  Resources  in  Western,,
"remains  a 
focus  at  all 
levels  and  business  units  are",and  multi-period  contracts.  Mining  continues  a  process,
Australia. Other highlights included:,,
advancing relevant risk reduction strategies.,"of  partnering  with  existing  clients 
to  secure  contract",
,extensions and pursue further opportunities to secure new,
"• 
Successful 
completion 
and 
close-out 
of  Pilbara",,Fredon acquisition in October 2025
"NRW’s 
commitment 
to 
respectful 
workplaces 
was",,
,work in commodities including gold and copper to expand,L – R: Alan Lipman (Fredon – Former Chairman and major
Minerals’ P680 project and Rio Tinto’s Western Range,,
"reinforced 
through 
unconscious 
bias 
and 
respectful",,
,the diversity of the portfolio.,"shareholder), Jules Pemberton (NRW Holdings – CEO and"
"NPI project, both in Western Australia.",,
"behaviour 
training,  acknowledging  and  celebrating  key",,
,,"Managing Director), Scott Olsen (Fredon – CEO)."
"events, 
including 
International  Women’s  Day,  NAIDOC","MET’s 
growth 
is 
driven 
by 
its 
ability 
to 
deliver 
a",
"• 
Successful  project  awards  with  Rio  Tinto 
for 
its",,
"Week  and  R  U  OK?  Day,  and  fostering  awareness  and","comprehensive 
service 
offering 
across 
diverse",
Coastal  Water  Supply  Sustaining  project  for  ~$100,,
engagement across the Group.,commodities  and  market  sectors.  In  addition  to  organic,
million and Hope Downs 2 Satellite & Bedded Hilltop,,
,"expansion, strategic diversification both in capabilities and",
NPI Facilities for an approximate value of $157 million.,,
NRW continues to prioritise the development of its people.,,
,"geographic reach remains a key priority, unlocking further",
The Company is proud to support a continued pipeline of,,
"DIAB  produced  a  very  strong  performance,  with  profit",opportunities  for  the  Group.  Leveraging  Golding’s  market,
"talent,  with  156  apprentices,  41  graduates,  35  trainees,",,
"significantly 
exceeding 
budget 
driven 
by 
disciplined",-leading  presence  in  Queensland  presents  a  significant,
eight undergraduates and two interns.,,
"operational  controls  and  a  continued 
focus  on  margin",growth opportunity for Primero and DIAB.,
"optimisation. 
DIAB 
expanded 
its 
national 
footprint,",,
,The  innovation  initiatives  that  are  occurring  across  MET,
successfully securing and delivering projects in New South,,
CLIMATE & ENVIRONMENT,,
,are  expected  to  enhance  competitiveness  in  the  future,
Wales and Queensland.,,
"In FY25, NRW further reduced the Group’s carbon footprint",and potentially deliver major new sources of revenue and,
"OFI  continued 
its  growth 
trajectory 
in  FY25,  delivering",profitability outside of direct contracting.,
within  our  managed  facilities  through  the  installation  of,,
"record 
revenue  and  margin  expansion.  The  business",,
solar and other energy efficiency practices. Through Group,,Contract wins and collaboration success. We celebrated contract
,At  a  consolidated  level  NRW  has  already  secured  $3.8,
"effectively 
leveraged 
synergies  across  MET  and 
the",,
"businesses like OFI, we also provided clients with solutions",,"wins in 2025. Regardless of the scope, our capacity for seamless"
,billion  of  its  $7.1  billion  order  book  to  position  us  well  for,
broader NRW Group. Highlights included securing electrical,,
"to assist them on their decarbonisation journey, for example",,execution and adaptability is consistently demonstrated across our
,continued  growth  for  FY26  and  beyond.  This  outlook  is,
"instrumentation 
and 
overhead 
powerline 
transmission",,portfolio.
"delivering  a  portable  kiosk  substation,  fast-charger  kiosk",,
,further supported by $7.6 billion in active tenders and the,
works  for  BHP’s  Jimblebar  East  project  in  collaboration,,
enclosure and in-pit field switch to assist with a large-scale,,
,robust pipeline.,
"with NRW Civil & Mining, supporting Primero on the KCGM",,
decarbonisation project.,,
Fimiston Growth Project and partnering with RCR to deliver,,
,"With 
the  acquisition  of  Fredon  now  complete,  NRW’s",
"We also commenced mapping our value chain to determine 
in-pit substations and switches for Fortescue.",,
,updated  guidance  for  FY26  has  revenue  in  excess  of  $4,
the Scope 3 emissions boundary across our business units.,,
,"billion,  with  underlying  EBITA  of  between  $255  million  to",
"RCR delivered a strong turnaround performance, achieving",,
We expect to finalise this work towards the end of calendar,,
,$265  million.  Cash  conversion  should  be  consistent  with,
profit  above  budget. This  was  driven  by  a  strategic  focus,,
2025  to  establish  a  baseline  for  FY26  as  part  of  the  new,,
,long-term averages.,
"on optimising overheads, extracting operational efficiencies",,
mandatory climate reporting requirements.,,
"and  advancing 
innovative  product  development.  These",,
,"A  sincere 
thanks  must  go 
to 
the  NRW 
team 
for 
their",
"Aligned with our commitment to reduce our carbon footprint 
initiatives  collectively  strengthened  the  business’  financial",,
,dedication and commitment in this 30th year of operations,
"and  integrate  sustainability  into  our  operations,  the  team 
position  and  operational 
resilience  and  expanding 
the",,
,for our group. NRW’s continued growth and success would,
"continued  to  focus  on  opportunities  in  tenders  to  support 
domestic and international markets in which it operates.",,
,not be possible without your efforts.,
clients on the sustainability journey.,,
,I also want to thank my Senior Leadership Team for their,Extraordinary service milestones. RCR Workshop Manager in
PEOPLE & SAFETY,,
,"support  and 
the  Board 
for 
their  advice  and  guidance","Welshpool, Steve Ewers (left), celebrated 30 years of service"
OUTLOOK,,
,throughout the year.,and Tony Littlefair (roght) celebrated an incredible 40 years of
NRW’s  people  remain  at  the  core  of  our  success.  Their,,
We entered FY26 in a strong position with an order book,,commitment as a Boilermaker.
"dedication, 
resilience 
and 
contributions 
have 
been",,
"of $6.1 billion and a robust pipeline of near-term prospects 
instrumental  in  driving  the  Company’s  continued  growth",,
"of $17.3 billion. The outlook is positive across all three of 
and  performance  over 
the  past  year.  The  Company 
is",,
"our  existing  pillars  and  we  look  forward  to  first  earnings 
grateful 
for 
the  commitment  and  efforts  of  our  people,",,
"from our fourth pillar, EMIT, on the back of Fredon having 
whose  collective  achievements  continue  to  shape  NRW’s",,
"secured work in hand of ~$1 billion and a pipeline of $3.6 
progress and future.",,
billion.,,
"As already noted, NRW’s head count at 30 June 2025 was",,
"The  Civil  segment  is  well  positioned  to  secure  near-term 
approximately  8,800  employees  (FY24:  7,400)  and  we",,
,Jules Pemberton,
"opportunities and working on a record level of active tenders. 
were pleased to welcome Fredon’s 2,500-strong workforce",,
"Additionally,  Western  Australia 
is  experiencing  a  surge 
post year-end.",,
,CEO and Managing Director,
"in 
infrastructure  development,  with  major  opportunities",,
The  Company’s  Total  Recordable  Injury  Frequency  Rate,NRW Holdings Limited,
"emerging  across  key  sectors 
involving  Westport,  Perth",,
"increased to 5.92 as of 30 June 2025 (FY24: 4.68), which",,
is  a  disappointing  outcome.  NRW  will  continue  with  an,,
,,We announced a partnership with Supply Nation to increase
,,Indigenous participation in our supply chain by connecting with

=== Table 2 (page 33) ===
Opportunity,,Timeframe,,Potential Financial Impacts,Strategies,
Resource Efficiency,,,,,,
,,,,,•,Reduce fuel and emissions by investing
,,,,,,"in electric hybrid vehicles, minimising"
,,,,,,"unnecessary travel, and improving"
,,,,,,freight efficiency.
,,,,,•,Initiating audits in high-use areas and
,,,,,,investing in energy efficient
•,Adopt more efficient,,•,Lower operating costs are achieved,,"technologies such as LED lighting, solar"
,transport and logistics,,,"through reduced fossil fuel, water,",,energy and advanced machinery.
,methods.,,,electricity and raw material usage.,,Prioritise initiatives that will enhance
,,,,,,productivity and reduce long-term
•,"Optimise production,",,•,Increase value of assets due to,,
,,,,,,operational costs.
,distribution and resource,,,higher energy efficiency ratings.,,
,use.,,,,•,Water conservation through the
,,Short to,•,Enhanced reputation leading to,,
,,,,,,implementation of reuse and recycling
•,Incorporate recycled,Long-Term,,stronger client demand and improved,,
,,,,,,"initiatives, such as using recycled water"
,materials and reduce,,,employee recruitment and retention.,,
,,,,,,"for dust suppression, along with"
,water consumption.,,,,,
,,,•,Reduced HR and productions costs,,proactive maintenance plans to detect
•,Enhance energy,,,as a direct result of a better,,and fix leaks early.
,efficiency across,,,reputation and more efficient,,
,,,,,•,Embed sustainability into procurement
,facilities and operations.,,,operations.,,
,,,,,,and operations by using recycled
,,,,,,"materials, selecting responsible"
,,,,,,"suppliers, and engaging clients early on"
,,,,,,sustainable solutions. Progress is
,,,,,,shared through social media and
,,,,,,reporting to build stakeholder
,,,,,,confidence.
Energy Source,,,,,,
,,,,,•,Transition vehicles and equipment to
,,,,,,"electric or hybrid alternatives, adopt"
,,,•,Reducing exposure to future fossil,,"energy-efficient machinery, and use"
,,,,fuel price volatility and potential,,innovative technologies to optimise
,,,,increases in carbon costs enhances,,"payloads, reduce idling, and improve"
,,,,long-term financial stability and,,haul efficiency.
,,,,reduces climate-related risk.,•,Increase the use of solar energy across
•,Use of lower emission,,•,Investing in new technologies leads,,"facilities, prioritise mains electricity over"
,sources of energy in,,,to long-term cost savings once,,"generators, and implement real-time"
,fixed and mobile,,,"returns on investment are realised,",,energy monitoring systems to track and
,,Short to,,,,
,equipment and offices,,,helping to lower overall operating,,reduce consumption.
,,Long-Term,,,,
,and workshops.,,,expenses while improving efficiency.,,
,,,,,•,Collaborate with suppliers to reduce
•,Use of new,,•,Strengthening reputation with clients,,their emissions and work with facility
,technologies.,,,and the broader community drives,,owners and landlords to integrate
,,,,increased demand for services. A,,"renewable energy solutions, such as on-"
,,,,stronger brand and clear,,site solar panels.
,,,,"sustainability commitment, support",•,Develop communication strategies to
,,,,and better employee recruitment and,,share carbon reduction initiatives with
,,,,retention outcomes.,,stakeholders and promote improved
,,,,,,working conditions to attract and retain
,,,,,,talent.
Product and Services,,,,,,
,,,,,•,Maintain open reporting on sustainability
,,,,,,performance through the annual report
,,,,,,and influence suppliers to adopt
,,,•,Enhanced reputation with clients,,
,,,,,,sustainable practices and meet evolving
,,,,resulting in increased demand for,,
•,Development of low,,,,,procurement standards.
,,,,products and services,,
,emission goods and,,,,,
,,,,,•,Complete Scope 3 emissions mapping
,,,•,Ability to reduce client Scope 3,,
,services.,,,,,
,,,,,,to focus on material categories and
,,,,emissions resulting in increased,,
•,Development of new,,,,,guide supply chain carbon reduction
,,,,demand for products and services,,
,products or services,,,,,efforts.
,,Short to,•,Access to newly proven low emission,,
,through R&D and,,,,,
,,,,,•,"Use scenario analysis, R&D, and cost-"
,,Long-term,,energy sources and technologies.,,
,innovation.,,,,,
,,,,,,benefit assessments to evaluate and
,,,•,Increase revenue and decreased risk,,
•,Ability to diversify,,,,,pilot low emission technologies that
,,,,as a result of diversification of the,,
,business activities.,,,,,improve energy efficiency and
,,,,business.,,
,,,,,,performance
•,Shift in client,,,,,
,,,•,Better competitive position to reflect,,
,preferences.,,,,•,Review the business model and expand
,,,,"shifting client preferences, resulting",,
,,,,,,"into lower-emission services, including"
,,,,in increased revenues.,,
,,,,,,"renewable energy projects, to reduce"
,,,,,,dependency on carbon-intensive
,,,,,,sectors.

=== Table 3 (page 35) ===
"Climate change presents significant challenges and opportunities that influence the Company’s business, strategy and financial",
planning as the Group transitions towards a low-carbon economy.,
Climate-related risks and opportunities impact the Group through:,
•,"Carbon Reduction and Operational Efficiency: NRW is committed to reducing its carbon footprint, particularly in"
,"Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, to mitigate the environmental impact of its operations. NRW is implementing"
,"renewable energy systems across a number of its manufacturing facilities. Where appropriate, NRW is transitioning"
,"light vehicle fleet to hybrid or electric vehicles to lower fuel consumption, and investing in modernised, hybrid road"
,transport options to minimise diesel usage in transportation activities.
•,Products  /  Services:  NRW  leverages  opportunities  presented  by  the  evolving  global  climate  agenda  through  the
,"provision of new product and service offerings, such as the AES business which manufactures battery electric vehicle"
,bodies for clients.
•,Supply Chain: NRW's procurement team actively works with suppliers demonstrating decarbonisation efforts.
•,"Partnerships  and  Innovation:  NRW  fosters  partnerships  with  suppliers,  industry  experts  and  OEMs  to  leverage"
,"technological advancements as well as increase industry cross-collaboration, learning and improved outcomes."
•,"Investment in Technology: By integrating modern technologies into operations, NRW enhances efficiency, reduces"
,costs and meets evolving environmental standards.
Climate-related risks and opportunities impact NRW’s strategy through:,
•,"Business Combinations: NRW is focused on growth, which is often delivered through acquisitions. NRW carefully"
,considers the climate-related risks associated with any acquisition and ensures any risk identified fits within the risk
,tolerance  of  the  Company.  Specific  climate-related  considerations  include  whether  the  business  fits  within  desired
,"commodity exposure mix, and whether the useful life of assets acquired is consistent with the transition to low-carbon"
,alternatives.
•,Commodity Mix: NRW acknowledges the mining sector's pivotal role in the global energy transition and is diversifying
,"its  portfolio  to  include critical  minerals  essential  for  the  low-carbon  economy. This  strategic shift,  positions  NRW to"
,"capitalise on opportunities in future-focused minerals and technologies, focusing on early works, mining and minerals"
,infrastructure.
•,Access to Customers / Reputational Considerations: NRW recognises that staying at the forefront of technology
,is  essential for maintaining stakeholder  trust  and securing  future  business  opportunities. This  commitment  ensures
,NRW retains client confidence by demonstrating dedication to responsible practices.
•,"Access to Finance: NRW’s strategy requires securing funding for the acquisition of businesses and assets, which"
,could  be  restricted  without  addressing  climate-related  considerations.  NRW  works  closely  with  its  banks  to  ensure
,appropriate and fairly valued asset purchases and a smooth transition to lower-emission models.
Climate-related risks and opportunities impact NRW’s financial planning through:,
•,"Assets: The determination of useful lives, depreciation rates, and potential asset impairments has been aligned with"
,"the Group’s climate-related commitments. In assessing the recoverable amounts of assets and business segments,"
,"climate-related risks, including those that may shorten asset life or impact future cash flows have been incorporated"
,into impairment testing.

=== Table 4 (page 37) ===
DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED
DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED
Taskforce for Climate-Related Financial Disclosure Continued
Metrics and Targets
Metrics Used to Assess Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
NRW quantifies and measures Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions in accordance with the Australian National Greenhouse
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act) and adopts the carbon emissions boundary based on ‘operational control’.
"As contractors in the civil, resources and infrastructure sectors, NRW monitors GHG emissions relative to its contracted workload"
(i.e. emissions intensity).
"To generate NRW’s emissions intensity, the total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are divided by the total Group revenue."
"This metric provides a normalised view of emissions relative to economic output, enabling better performance tracking over time."
Energy Consumption and Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Performance
NRW has determined its GHG emissions boundary using the definition of ‘operational control’ as prescribed by the NGER Act.
Please see below GHG emissions information for NRW:

=== Table 5 (page 37) ===
NRW has determined its GHG emissions boundary using the definition of ‘operational control’ as prescribed by the NGER Act.,,
Please see below GHG emissions information for NRW:,,
Energy and Emissions,FY25,FY24(1)
Scope 1 (ktCO2-e),10.13,10.84
Scope 2 (ktCO2-e),3.15,3.76
Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 (ktCO2-e),13.28,14.60
Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 + Scope 2) (tCO2-e / $M AUD),4.06,5.01
Energy Consumption (GJ),"174,394","188,080"
Energy Intensity (GJ / $M AUD),53.36,64.57
Revenue ($M),"3,268","2,913"

=== Table 6 (page 38) ===
DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED
DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED
Taskforce for Climate-Related Financial Disclosure Continued
Targets Used to Manage Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities and Performance
NRW  is  committed  to  aligning  with  the Australian  Government’s  Nationally  Determined  Contribution  (NDC)  to  reduce  GHG
emissions(1).
NRW  has  revised  the  existing  target  to  60%  reduction  in  GHG  Emissions  Intensity(2)  (Scope  1  and  Scope  2)(3)  within  the
Company’s managed facilities by FY30(4) (previously set at 25%). Given the variable number of projects under NRW’s operational
"control over time, NRW has excluded project-related carbon emissions from its target."
Below is NRW’s carbon reduction transition plan to FY30.

=== Table 7 (page 38) ===
"To track progress and ensure accountability, NRW has established the following performance metrics and monitoring processes:",
•,GHG Emissions Reporting: The CRWG review the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions at their quarterly meetings
,and the Sustainability Committee review this data as a standard agenda item in each meeting.
•,"Annual  GHG  Emissions  Reporting:  NRW  reports  Scope  1  and  Scope  2  GHG  emissions  annually,  providing"
,transparency on progress towards the 2030 target. This reporting is in line with the standards set by the NGER Act.
•,Energy Consumption and Efficiency Metrics: NRW monitors and reports on total energy consumption and energy
,efficiency improvements. This helps identify areas where NRW can further reduce emissions and enhance operational
,efficiency.
•,Renewable  Energy  Adoption:  NRW  will  monitor  the  installation  and  performance  of  renewable  energy  systems
,across facilities.

=== Table 8 (page 38) ===
,efficiency.
,"• 
Renewable  Energy  Adoption:  NRW  will  monitor  the  installation  and  performance  of  renewable  energy  systems"
,across facilities.
(1),NRW has revised the existing target to 60% reduction in GHG Emissions Intensity within the Group’s managed facilities by FY30 (previously
,"set at 25%). Between 2005 and 2020, the Australian Government achieved an 18.5% reduction in total carbon emissions."
(2),Emissions Intensity = Total Emissions (tCO²) / Revenue ($M).
(3),NRW  classified  Scope  1  and  Scope  2  GHG  emissions  in  line  with  the  NGER  scheme  established  by  the  NGER  Act.  NRW  assesses  its
,"organisational boundary based on the concepts of operational control, as defined in the NGER Act and includes facilities under its operational"
,control where there is no Reporting Transfer Certificate (RTC) in place under the NGER Act.
(4),Achievement of NRW’s 2030 target will be based on its assessment of GHG emissions under the NGER Act for the financial year ending
,"30 June 2030, relative to the FY20 baseline."