=== Page 4 ===
4 | netwealth   Corporate Sustainability Report  FY25       
 
Introduction  
Kate Temby, Independent Director, Chair of the People & Corporate Sustainability Committee  
I am pleased to present Netwealth's FY25 Corporate Sustainability Report , which demonstrates our 
continued commitment  to our four sustainability pillars: e nhance our core business, b e genuine and 
transparent, foster diversity, talent and wellbeing, and c reate a positive social and environmental 
impact . We are dedicated to fulfilling the sustainability expectations of our stakeholders, including 
shareholders, clients, employees, suppliers, and regulators  and creating long- term value through 
responsible business practices, empower ing people, and genuine community engagement . 
Our core strategy is to drive change that matters by delivering innovative products and services that 
leverage data, technology and connectivity . During the year we expanded  our range of investment 
products, options and solutions to cater to the diverse and evolving needs of our clients and advisers  
and we continue  to explore new markets and client segments that align with our platform's value 
proposition and competitive advantages . 
Transparency and governance remained central to our operations throughout FY25. We successfully integrated the Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) into our existing governance and accountability 
frameworks, further strengthening our commitment to ethical  conduct and long- term value creation.  
We launched a refreshed Code of Conduct to guide our employees on ethical behaviour and decision-
making, and published our "Security at Netwealth" webpage to reinforce our commitment to data 
protection and cybersecuri ty excellence.  
Our people  continue to be the foundation to our success, and we are pleas ed to report our employee 
engagement score increased to 8.1, a 0.2 improvement from the previous year which plac es us in the 
top half of our industry peers .  
In FY25, we achieved a significant milestone and met our gender diversity targets for both the Board 
and Executive team , ahead of our FY26 target . This demonstrates our strong commitment  to fostering 
diversity  and flows from our three- year  Inclusion and Diversity  Strategy Roadmap  we launched in 
2024 . Our efforts to promote inclusive leadership and embed diversity across all levels of the 
organisation have been supported by a range of initiatives, contributing to an increase in our employee score for inclusion and diversity to 8.5.  
Through our corporate sponsorships and the Netwealth Impact Fund, we continue to deepen our 
community engagement. O ur long- standing sponsorship  with Banqer Primary has now  help ed over 
150,000 Australian primary school students  build financial literacy.  Netwealth is also a sponsor for  the 
Centre for W omen ’s Economic Safety who host free, confidential Money Clinics for women 
experiencing domestic and family violence. Through the Impact fund we raised $122,000  during FY25 
to grant to our charity partners Bridge It and  All Things Equal.  
We have made progress  towards our climate targets. This year we  achieved carbon neutrality for our 
Scope 2 emissions through 100% GreenPower renewable energy procurement across facilities where 
we have operational control. Our Scope 1 emissions totalled 11.1 2 tCO2e, and we continue working 
toward our medium -term target of achieving carbon neutrality for operational scope 1, 2, and 3 
emissions by 2030, and net zero by 2050.  
We are proactively  preparing for the implementation of our  climate -related financial disclosures  in line 
with the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB ) S2. Our approach includes Governance, Risk Kate Temby  
Independent 
Director  
 
For personal use only

=== Page 9 ===
9 | netwealth   Corporate Sustainability Report  FY25       
 
Responsible  Description  Corporate 
Sustainability  Pillars  
Chief Risk , Legal and 
Governance  Officer  Manage s and impl ement s Netwealth ’s governance , conduct  and 
risk management framework s.   
Chief People Officer  Develop s and implement s the vision and objectives for Netwealth’s 
Inclusion and Diversity Strategic Roadmap  and Remuneration 
Framework.  
Proactively  identify and manage the physical and psychological 
health and safety risks  of employees .  
Chief Financial 
Officer   
 Monitor s and report s on the progress of Netwealth 's climate  risks 
and opportunities , human rights commitments and corporate 
social partnerships.   
Develop and manage financial and climate -related reporting.   
Sustainability team  Implement s initiatives  relat ing to Netwealth’s climate risks and 
opportunities , human rights commitments and corporate social 
partnerships. Partner with all corporate sustainability pillar owners , 
the Executive team and the PCSC to  monitor,  report and disclose 
progress for sustainability initiatives  including our emission 
reduction plan .   
Netwealth Impact 
Group  An employee  volunteer committee responsible for fundraising & 
grant -making through the Netwealth Impact Fund, employee 
volunteering & giving and supporting initiatives that improve 
financial literacy and wellness.   
Work  Health and 
Safety Management 
Committee  Develop procedures relating to health , safety  and wellbeing  at 
Netwealth.   
For personal use only

=== Page 10 ===
10 | netwealth   Corporate Sustainability Report  FY25       
 
This year at a glance 
Enhance our core business 
We protect and enhance our 
core business  • Netwealth is the 9th largest custodian by Funds Under Administration 
(FUA) in Australia according to the Australian Custodial Services 
Association latest results for 31 December 2024;  
• A total of 40 ESG themed Managed Models is available on our Platform , 
and our investment menus now offer 125 managed funds with ESG Intentional Investment (By Prospectus) as sourced by Morningstar, and 
354 funds with an ‘4 or ‘5’ Morningstar ESG Risk Rating available  at 
https://www.netwealth.com.au/web/resources -and-tools/esg -
investments/ ; and   
• We are focused on unlocking enterprise potential through increased 
usage of AI across the business  including operational efficiency, 
customer support  and client products and services . 
Be genuine and transparent  
We are ethical, genuine and 
transparent in our dealings  • Netwealth integrated Financial Accountability Regime ( FAR ), effective 
for superannuation entities  form March 2025, into our existing 
governance and risk management  frameworks , further strengthening 
our commitment to ethical conduct, transparency, and long -term value 
creation ; 
• Netwealth launched  the “Security a t Netwealth” webpage to promote  
transparency and raise awareness of its information security practices ; 
and 
• Netwealth launched a refreshed Code of Conduct to guide employees 
on our expectations  for ethical behaviour and decision- making.   
Foster diversity, talent and 
wellbeing  
We implement strategies 
and actions to achieve an 
inclusive, diverse and 
healthy workplace  • Employee engagement score of 8.1  at 30 June 2025 , an increase of 0.2 
in the year  which plac es us in the top half of our industry peers ; 
• Leadership development programme implemented for leaders at all 
levels ; 
• Evolved remuneration framework and performance review  framework 
to better support our people experience; and  
• Increase d representation of women across Netwealth. 40/40/20 targets 
for the Board and Executive team have been met . 
Create a positive social and 
environmental impact  
We take measures to 
mitigate social and environmental risks to 
minimise the risk of harm to 
our customers and the 
communities we operate in  • Scope 1 emissions of 11.2tCO
2e and Scope 2 emissions have reduced to 
zero for  FY25 , through the  procurement of GreenPower renewable 
energy  across the facilities where Netwealth has operational control;  
• Have s ponsored over 1 50,000 Australian primary school students using 
Banqer Primary since 2017 ; and  
• In FY25 , the Netwealth Impact Fund received  $122,000 in contributions , 
raised through fundraising efforts  at the  Netwealth  Accelerate Summit  
and Netwealth Giving Tuesday , as well as though employee workplace 
giving and  Netwealth  contributions . For personal use only

=== Page 36 ===
36 | netwealth   Corporate Sustainability Report  FY25       
 
Create a positive social and envi ronmental impact  
We take measures to mitigate social 
and environmental risks to minimise 
the risk of harm to our customers 
and the communities we operate in.    
 
• Seek opportunities to create a positive social and environmental impact  
• Support workplace giving through the Netwealth Impact Fund  
• Encourage employee involvement in the distribution of financial support  
• Celebrate and support employee volunteering  
• Improve financial literacy and education opportunities in our community  
 
Seek opportunities to create a positive social and environmental impact  
Netwealth’s climate commitments  
Netwealth  has committed to the following climate targets:  
• A medium -term climate target of achieving carbon neutrality for operational scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 
emissions by  2030; and  
• A long- term target of reaching net zero by 2050.  
 
Netwealth acknowledges the impact of climate change on our planet and recognises its role in reducing its carbon 
emissions and waste to support the transition towards a renewable economy. Carbon neutrality involves reducing 
emissions where possible and com pensating for the remaining emissions by investing in carbon offset projects to 
balance out emissions. A net zero pathway goes beyond carbon neutrality and generally refers to reducing the total 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to as close to zero as possibl e. Any remaining emissions can be offset through the 
purchase of carbon offsets, with a limitation that offsets should not exceed 10% of the total carbon footprint in line 
with Science Based Target (SBT) methodology. To be transparent in how we set our climate targets we acknowledge 
that:  
• To achieve our medium -term climate target of carbon neutrality for operational emissions by 2030  Netwealth  
may need to consider the purchase of carbon credits to offset emissions  that Netwealth  are unable to reduce  
through our emission reduction plan; and  
• To achieve our long- term net zero  target by 2050 Netwealth  is reliant on the  collective efforts  of 
decarbonisation of the energy  grid.   
 
Netwealth is committed to assessing and reducing the environmental impacts in its operations, including reducing 
its emissions and waste and educating our people how to reduce their  environmental impact. Since FY22 Netwealth 
has measured its scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 operational emissions to understand  carbon emissions generated 
and to inform our emissions reduction goals.  Scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions that occur in the value chain 
For personal use only

=== Page 37 ===
37 | netwealth   Corporate Sustainability Report  FY25       
 
from external parties and Netwealth acknowledges there is limited ability to influence and reduce these emissions 
on our own .  
 
Netwealth’s scope 1 and scope 2 emission s 
Netwealth is  committed to understanding and reporting its  carbon emissions . It has elected to apply the 
operational control approach to determining the organisational boundary for its  carbon footprint  and its  
greenhouse gas (GHG)  emissions  have been  calculated  by independent consultants.  
 
• Scope 1 emissions are direct emission from sources which Netwealth owns or controls; and  
• Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from electricity consumption. Netwealth uses grid electricity at each 
office location. Consumption has been quantified , is deemed to be material for our carbon footprint and 
measured using the market -based method.  
Scope  Category  Units of 
Measurement  FY24   FY25  
Scope 1  Stationary combustion  tCO 2e 10.0 11.2 
Scope 2  Purchased electricity  tCO 2e 50.34 0.0 
Total   tCO 2e 61.1 11.2 
 
Scope 2 em issions have reduced to zero due to the procurement o f GreenPower renewable energy  across the 
facilities where Netwealth has operational control.   Emission reduction plan 
To achieve our medium -term climate  target we have developed our operational e mission reduction plan which 
focuses on the following areas for change  to reduce our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 operational emissions :  
 
 
Area for change   Action  taken to reduce emissions  Pathway for further emission reduction   
1. Office efficiency  • The base building of our principal 
office in Melbourne is Climate Active 
certified and is carbon neutral;  
• Our Sydney , Melbourne and 
Brisbane  tenancies  have purchased 
100% GreenPower renewable energy ; 
• Our principal offices have LED and 
sensor lighting installed ; and  
• We have p artnered with building 
management to increase  energy  
efficiency of our office spaces.  • Continue to partner with building 
management to identify areas of continued reduction and energy 
efficiency.  
2. Behavioural change  • We have hybrid, work from home and 
flexible working policies in place ; 
• Our principal office has end of trip 
facilities ; and  • Continue to  explore learning 
opportunities for our employees to 
increase awareness in sustainable 
practices ; and  
 
4 Reported in our FY24 Corporate sustainability report for Scope 2 emissions was 59.3  tCO 2e, this was reduced to 50.3 tCO 2e by sourcing 
and updating actual emissions data  for some of our tenancies.  For personal use only