=== Page 6 ===
NEXTDC supports a broad 
range of industries, including:
National critical 
infrastructure
Government
Research and 
education
Technology and AI
Machine learning
Hyperscale cloud 
providers
Financial services
Healthcare
Telecommunications
Media and 
entertainment
Retail and 
e-commerce
Professional 
services
FY25 sustainability highlights
Environmental highlights
 ▪NEXTDC’s M2 Melbourne was the first data 
centre in the Asia-Pacific region to be awarded 
an Uptime Institute Sustainability Award.
 ▪NEXTDC’s KL1 Kuala Lumpur was awarded a 
provisional Platinum rating, the highest rating 
under Malaysia’s Green Building Index (GBI) for 
the design of the facility.
 ▪First deployment of direct liquid-to-chip cooling 
as the primary solution supporting 50MW of IT 
load.
Social highlights
 ▪Our inaugural Graduate Program launched 
successfully in February 2025.
 ▪Achieved a 75% employee engagement score on 
our NXTPulse survey, with high levels of career 
satisfaction, inclusion, and access to mental 
health support highlighted across the business.
 ▪Our Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP is 
now on track for final submission and imminent 
public launch, marking a significant step in our 
reconciliation journey.
 ▪We continued the Women Rising program to 
support women’s leadership development, 
alongside the Male Allies program to equip men 
to champion gender equity.
 ▪Strengthened supplier codes of conduct and 
human rights due diligence across supply chain 
in Asia. 
Governance highlights
 ▪Completed our first comprehensive and 
independent Double Materiality Assessment.
 ▪Implemented enhanced monitoring tools and 
completed third-party audits on cybersecurity 
and privacy controls aligned with ISO/IEC 27001.PUE 1.44 WUE 2.25 CUE 1.04
Scope 2 emissions7 ,927 tCO₂-e 358,348 tCO₂-e  significant 
environmental 
incidents0 Scope 1 emissionsData centres
operational17
under 
construction4
in planning7On-site solar generation884,955 kWh
80272.06%
Landfill diversion
hours volunteering
Mental Health 
First Aid Officers 
globally56staff
As of 30 June 2025
Female 
representation total31%
Female Board 
representation38%381
LTIFR
In our data centres1.4
0
In our construction projectsLTIFRTRIFR 1.4
TRIFR 1.4Training completed for WHS88.2%
Information 
Security training96%
Modern Slavery 
training 97.3%6
NEXTDC FY25 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

=== Page 8 ===
Sustainable procurement and 
supply chains
NEXTDC’s supply chain spans building 
contractors, equipment 
manufacturers, utility providers, and 
technology and service partners. We 
manage these relationships through 
procurement practices that emphasise 
sustainability, compliance, and ethical 
conduct. While our direct influence 
may lessen further upstream, we 
promote responsible business 
practices through our Supplier Code of 
Conduct and ESG due diligence 
processes. These include modern 
slavery risk assessments, supplier 
self-assessments and targeted ESG 
questionnaires. Our approach is 
grounded in a risk-based methodology 
that helps identify and manage key 
environmental, social, and governance 
risks across the value chain, with an 
emphasis on transparency, 
accountability, and continuous 
improvement.
Design and innovation
Our design and engineering teams 
embed high-performance, scalable, 
and sustainable infrastructure 
principles from day one. This includes 
modular builds, advanced cooling 
systems, and automation-ready 
facilities in order to futureproof our 
operations. We also focus on climate 
risk resilience and energy efficiency at 
the design stage.
Site selection and design
NEXTDC’s value chain begins with 
identifying and securing sites that 
support our growth while minimising 
environmental and community 
impacts. Our site selection process 
integrates sustainability considerations 
such as energy security, water 
availability and biodiversity.
Customer success and digital 
access
NEXTDC supports a diverse 
customer base with a global 
footprint, focused on building 
long-term, collaborative 
relationships. Our customers rely on 
us for reliable, secure, and 
lower-carbon digital infrastructure. 
Through initiatives like NEXTNeutral 
and customised sustainability 
reporting, we enable them to 
progress their own ESG goals. 
We’re also helping expand access 
to secure, high-performance digital 
services that underpin modern 
digital economies.
Capital works and 
construction
We deliver high-quality 
digital infrastructure 
through disciplined 
capital works 
execution. This 
includes coordination 
with utility providers, 
regulators, and delivery 
partners to ensure 
on-time, on-budget 
builds while managing 
resource efficiency and 
embodied carbon 
outcomes.
Operations
Our data centres are optimised for 
uptime, energy efficiency, and security. 
Operations teams use digital 
monitoring, AI-powered analytics, and 
predictive maintenance to improve 
resource performance.
Emissions and circularity
We measure Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Waste from operations and 
construction is managed through recycling, reuse, and diversion from 
landfill. Circular design principles are applied to reduce the lifecycle impacts 
of our infrastructure.
People
At NEXTDC, we strive to be a leading employer by fostering a safe, 
inclusive, and high-performing workplace. Globally, our people help drive a 
culture of excellence and value creation. We are committed to protecting 
the physical, mental, and social wellbeing of our workforce. Through strong 
DE&I principles, comprehensive policies, and ongoing training, we nurture 
talent and provide meaningful pathways for growth and development.
Energy and water stewardship
NEXTDC is taking a more conscious approach 
to the resources and energy that support the 
delivery of our data centres. We are prioritising 
lower-carbon and embodied carbon materials in 
construction, with a preference for those that 
are locally sourced, supporting regional 
suppliers and reducing emissions associated 
with transport. We also recognise the 
importance of managing long-term energy risks 
and are progressively exploring opportunities to 
transition to lower-emission energy sources. 
This includes long-term sourcing of renewable 
energy, co-locating with low emissions energy 
sources, low-carbon alternate fuels, continuing 
to invest in on-site solar generation where 
feasible, and working closely with our partners 
to identify solutions that support more 
sustainable energy outcomes over time. 
We continue to maintain a strong focus on 
PUE and WUE. Water-based cooling is 
preferred for its efficiency, and we  
continue to fine-tune system  
performance to reduce impact.
Connectivity and partnerships
With over 750 partners in our 
ecosystem, we enable seamless 
cloud, network, and digital platform 
connectivity. Our partnerships with 
digital, energy, and technology 
providers help build more integrated, 
resilient infrastructure across 
Australia and the region.
Community engagement
We invest in local communities 
through volunteering, charity 
partnerships, and programs that 
support skills development and 
long-term resilience.
End-user value creation
Our operations create local 
economic value through 
employment, supply chain contracts 
and investment in digital 
infrastructure that provides a 
material services. We prioritise local 
supplier engagement and invest in 
community initiatives focused on 
STEM, inclusion, and digital 
empowerment.Upstream Downstream
 Own operations
8
NEXTDC FY25 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

=== Page 9 ===
Our material topics
Our assessment identified 13 material topics from highest to moderate intensity. In addition, six topics were 
identified as having peripheral materiality, including air quality, biodiversity, waste and circularity, health and 
wellbeing, and Whistleblower protections. We will consider the materiality of these peripheral topics in future 
materiality assessments. 
The materiality matrix maps financial materiality on the horizontal axis and impact materiality on the vertical 
axis. Topics appearing in the upper-right quadrant represent those most critical to NEXTDC, as they combine 
both strong business relevance and substantial societal or environmental impact.
A detailed table on the next page provides an overview of each material topic. It includes the topic definition, 
its level of financial and impact materiality, associated risks and opportunities, and the management 
approach, alongside the relevant GRI topic references.Understanding what matters most to our stakeholders 
is fundamental to how we operate and grow 
responsibly. While we have engaged with our key 
stakeholders over many years and previously 
undertaken impact materiality assessments, in FY25 
we deepened and formalised our approach through 
our first Double Materiality Assessment (DMA). This 
shift reflects the growing complexity of stakeholder 
expectations and the introduction of new sustainability 
disclosure standards in Australia, ensuring our ESG 
strategy remains relevant, balanced and future-
focused. We engaged an independent advisory firm to 
facilitate our DMA process, which allowed us to 
refresh our understanding of the sustainability issues 
that matter most, both to our stakeholders and to the 
long-term success of our business.
Our DMA aligned with best practice guidance from 
global sustainability frameworks, including the GRI 3: 
Material Topics standard to evaluate both:
Impact Materiality
How NEXTDC’s activities impact the 
environment, society and economy.
Financial Materiality
How sustainability-related risks and opportunities 
could affect NEXTDC’s financial performance.
Outside in
How society and/or 
environment 
impacts NEXTDC's 
enterprise value.Inside out
How NEXTDC impacts 
society and/or the 
environment.
Double  
materiality
Planet and 
societyOverview of our methodology
The assessment was led by NEXTDC’s Sustainability 
and Risk teams, with deep subject matter input from 
across the business. To ensure rigour and objectivity, 
we engaged an independent stakeholder advisory 
firm, to ensure that help align our approach aligns with 
evolving global standards and best practice.
1. Desktop Research and Topic Identification 
Publicly available sources were reviewed, including 
peer disclosures, global frameworks (GRI, SASB, 
CSRD, UN SDGs), investor and regulatory 
expectations, and internal documents. Topics were 
screened through market, regulatory, and strategic 
lenses, then mapped across our value chain to assess 
both actual and potential impacts.
2. Stakeholder Engagement
A diverse range of internal and external stakeholders 
across key geographies were engaged through 
one-on-one interviews with executives, Board 
members, customers, and investors. We held a 
dedicated materiality workshop with our ESG Council 
and senior leaders, and conducted a broad stakeholder 
survey designed to capture both qualitative and 
quantitative insights.
3. Assessment and Analysis
Topics were assessed for their potential financial 
impact based on likelihood, urgency, and risk 
tolerance, with validation workshop refining findings, 
prioritising emerging risks, and identifying value 
creation opportunities.
4. Finalisation and Prioritisation
Topics were mapped across two dissension, impact 
materiality (which is the effect on people, planet and 
economy) and financial materiality (which is an 
influence on enterprise value). The resulting double 
materiality matrix provides a balanced view of our 
priority ESG issues, enabling us to focus on what 
matters most for stakeholders and long-term 
resilience.Materiality
Impact on stakeholders
Financial impact on NEXTDC
Key Protecting the Environment Social Empowerment  Responsible Governance  HIGHESTHIGHEST
HIGHHIGH
MODERATEMODERATE
PERIPHERALPERIPHERALEnergy management
Sustainability focused innovationESG governance
Employee relations and benefitsCybersecurity and data privacy
Water use and stewardship
Climate change and GHG emissionsSafety management and performance
Business ethics and transparencyDiversity, equity and inclusion
Community impacts, rights and interests
Customer relationship9
NEXTDC FY25 Environmental, Social and Governance Report