=== Page 12 ===
2. Upcoming Climate Related Financial Disclosures 
oOh! is amongst the first tranche of Australian 
businesses required to report under the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) mandatory 
climate-related financial disclosures and will be 
subject to the new standards for oOh!’s CY25 
reporting year. Accordingly, the business is preparing 
for the standards, and has already carried out work 
to identify transition and physical climate-related 
risks and opportunities to the business, including a 
materiality assessment across the short, medium 
and long-term, and against low warming and 
high warming scenarios (in alignment with ASRS 
requirements).
The risk and opportunities work will be finalised 
ready for full disclosure in the CY25 mandatory 
climate-related financial disclosures report, however 
preliminary findings are that:
Physical Risk - Impacts from identified physical risks 
(extreme heat, extreme rain and storm surges) are 
immaterial across all tested scenarios and time 
horizons^.  This is largely due to oOh!’s network being 
so extensive that revenue loss due to compromised 
sites impacted by extreme weather, can typically 
be (and historically have been) reallocated and 
retained, and secondly oOh!’s end of life asset 
renewal plan is already well established, and asset 
technology and advancements are constantly 
evolving to manage extreme heat and moisture 
exposure, making climate-related repair and 
replacement costs immaterial in all tested scenarios.Transition Risk - exposure to electricity pricing as 
Australia transitions to a low emissions economy has 
been identified as oOh!’s most significant transition 
risk. As oOh! continues to drive digitisation of assets 
across our business, management of electricity 
pricing is essential to minimise cost exposure. This 
risk also poses our greatest opportunity to drive 
innovation of more efficient digital product and 
to seek out off-grid power opportunities. With an 
annual spend of approximately $7m per annum on 
electricity, and with a business model that includes 
major digitisation plans, electricity pricing has been 
determined by oOh! to be potentially material across 
all scenarios and time horizons. Mitigation strategies 
are in development to minimise our exposure to this 
risk and maximise the opportunity. 
oOh! welcomes the 
new standards as a 
critical step towards 
greater transparency 
and accountability in 
addressing climate-
related risks and 
opportunities. 
^There is a slight increase in risk of exposure to extreme heat in 2050 under the low warming scenario only, due to aerosol reductions in 
the atmosphere, however given the extensive time horizon (2050) and plans already in place to manage heat related asset repairs and 
replacement, we do not consider this information to be material.

=== Page 14 ===
What matters 
most to our 
stakeholders
Our business has identified key sustainability topics by actively engaging with a range of stakeholders to 
understand their priorities. This process ensures that our initiatives align with the concerns of our stakeholders 
and address the issues that matter most to them. From 2022 to 2024, the ESG team has engaged with key 
stakeholders via surveys and face-to-face meetings to gather valuable insights that help shape our approach 
to sustainability. oOh!’s key stakeholders include:
Investors
AdvertisesCommercial 
PartnersCommunitiesMedia 
AgenciesGovernment 
and CouncilsEmployees
From this work, we identified oOh!’s material topics are:
01.  
Energy and emissions 
reduction
04.  
Diversity, Equity, and 
Inclusion02.
Transparency and 
accountability
05.  
Data privacy and cyber 
security03.
Employee health, safety, 
and wellbeing
06.
Community engagement

=== Page 15 ===
1. Energy and emissions reduction
oOh! is committed to reducing our operational 
impact on the planet. We strive to be a sustainable 
business for our customers and the communities in 
which we operate. We aim to achieve this through 
several considered approaches to decarbonisation 
including energy reduction initiatives, circularity, 
waste reduction and procurement with consideration 
to energy efficiency.
Our carbon footprint
In last year’s Sustainability Report, oOh! shared 
estimated figures for our CY22 carbon footprint 
measurement for our Australian and New Zealand 
operations. oOh!’s next footprint disclosure will be 
CY25, in accordance with the ASRS climate-related 
financial disclosures. This allows us the ability to 
continue to refine our electricity-related data in 
particular (across Scope 2 and Scope 3), which 
is complex and high volume in our business, and 
represents the majority share of our operational 
footprint. 
In alignment with our carbon footprint reduction 
approaches, we have continued to invest in 
renewable power options throughout 2024 (e.g. 
GreenPower®/state equivalent or solar), with 
our entire street furniture business, excluding WA, 
now transitioned over to renewable power, this 
represents a drop in our Scope 2 related emissions in 
comparison to the reported CY22 number.
Other than for business travel and as a component 
of our NZ Toitu certification, we do not use offsetting 
as a means to negate our carbon footprint. Instead 
we are focusing on how we reduce our emissions, 
although we are yet to set reduction targets. In 
relation to business travel, we offset business flights, 
accommodation and car rental that are booked 
through our travel partner.  In CY24 we offset 
546tCO2e of business travel related emissions against 
a renewable energy project in South Asia and nature 
conservation projects in Oceania. During CY24, 118 
carbon units have been retired.
The majority of oOh!’s Scope 3 emissions are those 
associated with the electricity consumed through 
our commercial partners and landlords. In these 
instances, we are investigating ways we can access 
renewable energy sources for the assets out of our 
operational control, alongside other measures to 
reduce the emissions of our capital goods & services.Our key area of focus as we decarbonise our 
operations include:
02
Digital black 
out trial03
Electric 
vehicle trial
04
Ecobanner™
05
Scope 3 energy emissions
01
Energy efficient assets and innovations

=== Page 16 ===
2. Transparency & Accountability
oOh! is committed to being a transparent and accountable business, leading the advertising industry toward 
a more sustainable future. We strive to foster ethical operations in our business, on our screens and throughout 
our industry. We are doing this by embedding modern slavery safeguards, strengthening sustainable 
procurement frameworks with a focus on vendor risk management, and ensuring the delivery of safe, 
responsible advertising content on our platform. As Australia’s leading Out of Home company, we aim to drive 
the industry’s commitment to sustainable practices forward.
1. Sustainability Policy
2. Procurement 
framework
3. Modern Slavery
4. AI users and trials1. Regulations and 
Standards
2. Public Complaints
3. Anti-Greenwashing 
Guidelines1. OMA ESG 
Committee
2. Ad net Zero 
Australia
3. Campaign 
Emissions ReportingOur commitment to 
transition assets to LED 
technology means the 
power consumption is ~60% 
less than equivalent LCD 
displays in the market. 
The lifespan of LED displays 
is predicted to be at 
least double that of LCD 
displays used in outdoor 
environments.  LED screens 
also deliver a power saving 
when darker creative is run.
Our tests show that 
predominantly black 
creative can have a power 
saving of 59% compared 
to predominantly white 
creative. We encourage our 
clients to prioritise impactful 
colours on our screens 
however this testing is an 
opportunity for clients to 
measure different creative 
options and test for the most 
energy efficient version of 
their campaign.01.02.03.04.05.
As part of our commitment 
to environmental 
sustainability, we are proud 
to report we are in the final 
stages of integrating six 
electric vehicles into our 
fleet. The electric vehicles 
have potential in delivering 
both environmental and 
operational benefits. 
They produce zero tailpipe 
emissions, minimizing the 
main source of our Scope 
1 emissions. We expect 
them to be servicing our 
assets by the end of Q1 
2025 and will be actively 
evaluating the performance 
and outcomes to inform 
future decisions regarding 
the expansion of electric 
vehicles into our fleet. 
Our aim is to gradually 
transition towards a more 
sustainable transportation 
model that benefits both 
our organization and 
environment.We are continually exploring 
ways to reduce carbon 
emissions resulting from 
our operations. In 2024, 
oOh! launched an energy 
saving trial to assess the 
impact of reduced energy 
consumption across our 
large format digital network. 
The first phase blacked out 
70 large format LED sites 
across Australia between 
1am to 4am for a minimum 
trial period of six months. This 
large format digital trial, the 
first of its scale for oOh!, will 
provide valuable insights 
and learnings on how we 
may enable our broader 
digital network to reduce its 
electricity consumption. In 2023, alongside GALE 
Pacific we launched the 
world's first ever 100% 
closed-loop recyclable 
and PVC free billboard 
skin. The EcoBanner™ is 
a sustainable innovation 
which allows advertising 
banners to be put back into 
the manufacturing process 
to remake new banners 
thus eliminating waste and 
reducing our contribution to 
landfill. 
In 2024, this product was 
recognized as a market-
leading innovation which 
won oOh! the Sustainability 
award at the World Out of 
Home Conference in Hong 
Kong. We will continue to 
develop and expand this 
product across our assets.As we near 100% of assets 
within our operational 
control (Scope 2) sourcing 
renewable energy, we will 
focus efforts on gaining 
a deeper understanding 
of the energy sources 
utilised by our commercial 
partners, which power 
the assets we run within 
their properties (Scope 3). 
As an illustration, recently 
Melbourne Airport became 
Australia’s first Airport to be 
a GreenPower™ approved 
provider, enabling it to sell 
on-site solar-generated 
power to tenants, retailers, 
and partners. 
oOh!’s transition to 
Melbourne Airport’s 
embedded network 
facilitated an increase in the 
number of sites available for 
us to offer on GreenPower™ 
to our clients. As we enter 
2025, we will work with more 
of our commercial partners 
to explore ways to access 
renewable energy sources 
for our assets and identify 
any potential obstacles. 
On our platform In our operations

=== Page 17 ===
In our 
operations 
Sustainability Policy
oOh! is committed to promoting sustainable business practices across our operations and throughout our 
supply chains. Our goal is to minimise our impact on the planet and promote positive social outcomes, thereby 
structuring our business for long-term, sustainable success. In 2024, we formalised our Sustainability Policy 
to educate and empower our workforce to act responsibly across our operations. This policy applies to all 
representatives of oOh!, including oOh!’s Board of Directors,  employees, contractors, and consultants of oOh! 
and may also be applied to persons in our supply chain. 
For the purposes of this Policy, sustainability is achieved by meeting the social, environmental, and economic 
needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
Our Sustainability Policy focuses on three key areas with actionable priorities:
Procurement Framework 
To further support oOh!’s Sustainability Policy, a Procurement Framework which includes sustainable 
Procurement practices was developed in 2024, along with comprehensive training and support delivered 
across the business. 
In today's rapidly evolving business landscape, implementing a sustainable Procurement Framework is vital 
to proactively identify and mitigate risks, enhance operational efficiency and drive sustainable growth. The 
framework’s purpose is to foster innovation, strengthen relationships with our suppliers, and optimise spending 
to ensure value for money. It is foundational to oOh!’s efforts to reduce our Scope 3 carbon emissions, 
associated with capital goods and goods and services. Key decision makers across our business received in 
depth training of our Procurement Framework including 3 key pillars of our sustainability agenda:Business Practices Environmental Stewardship Social Responsibility
oOh! strives to be a responsible, 
transparent and accountable 
business leading the advertising 
industry to a more sustainable 
future.oOh! is dedicated to minimising 
our environmental impact and 
being a sustainable partner for 
our customers and communities. 
Our goal is to efficiently use 
resources and combat climate 
change through actively reducing 
the contribution we make to 
greenhouse gas emissions.We are committed to providing 
a safe, supportive and inclusive 
environment for our people
and our communities and using 
our media platforms for good. 
Business Practices Environmental Stewardship Social Responsibility
Investing in environmentally and 
socially sustainable businesses to 
strengthen our supply chains and 
the sustainability of our business 
operations into the future.Seeking out and prioritising 
energy efficient products & 
services that reduce our waste, 
energy consumption and carbon 
emissions. Supporting and investing in 
community-oriented businesses 
and not-for-profit organisations 
that positively impact society.