=== Table 1 (page 15) ===
1. Energy and emissions reduction,,Our key area of focus as we decarbonise our,
,operations include:,,
oOh! is committed to reducing our operational,,,
impact on the planet. We strive to be a sustainable,,,
business for our customers and the communities in,,,
which we operate. We aim to achieve this through,,,
several considered approaches to decarbonisation,,,
"including energy reduction initiatives, circularity,",,,
waste reduction and procurement with consideration,,,
to energy efficiency.,,,
Our carbon footprint,,01,
,,Energy efficient assets and innovations,
"In last year’s Sustainability Report, oOh! shared",,,
estimated figures for our CY22 carbon footprint,,,
measurement for our Australian and New Zealand,,,
operations. oOh!’s next footprint disclosure will be,,,
"CY25, in accordance with the ASRS climate-related",,,
financial disclosures. This allows us the ability to,,,
continue to refine our electricity-related data in,,,
"particular (across Scope 2 and Scope 3), which",,,
"is complex and high volume in our business, and",,,
represents the majority share of our operational,,,
footprint.,,,
In alignment with our carbon footprint reduction,02,,03
"approaches, we have continued to invest in",Digital black,,Electric
renewable power options throughout 2024 (e.g.,out trial,,vehicle trial
"GreenPower®/state equivalent or solar), with",,,
"our entire street furniture business, excluding WA,",,,
"now transitioned over to renewable power, this",,,
represents a drop in our Scope 2 related emissions in,,,
comparison to the reported CY22 number.,,,
Other than for business travel and as a component,,,
"of our NZ Toitu certification, we do not use offsetting",,,
as a means to negate our carbon footprint. Instead,,,
"we are focusing on how we reduce our emissions,",,,
although we are yet to set reduction targets. In,,,
"relation to business travel, we offset business flights,",,,
,,,
accommodation and car rental that are booked,,04,
through our travel partner.  In CY24 we offset,,,
,,Ecobanner™,
546tCO2e of business travel related emissions against,,,
a renewable energy project in South Asia and nature,,,
"conservation projects in Oceania. During CY24, 118",,,
carbon units have been retired.,,,
The majority of oOh!’s Scope 3 emissions are those,,,
associated with the electricity consumed through,,,
our commercial partners and landlords. In these,,,
"instances, we are investigating ways we can access",,,
renewable energy sources for the assets out of our,,,
"operational control, alongside other measures to",,,
reduce the emissions of our capital goods & services.,,,

=== Table 2 (page 16) ===
01.,,03.,,05.
,,,,
Our commitment to,02.,As part of our commitment,04.,As we near 100% of assets
transition assets to LED,,to environmental,,within our operational
technology means the,We are continually exploring,"sustainability, we are proud","In 2023, alongside GALE",control (Scope 2) sourcing
power consumption is ~60%,ways to reduce carbon,to report we are in the final,Pacific we launched the,"renewable energy, we will"
less than equivalent LCD,emissions resulting from,stages of integrating six,world's first ever 100%,focus efforts on gaining
displays in the market.,"our operations. In 2024,",electric vehicles into our,closed-loop recyclable,a deeper understanding
,oOh! launched an energy,fleet. The electric vehicles,and PVC free billboard,of the energy sources
The lifespan of LED displays,saving trial to assess the,have potential in delivering,skin. The EcoBanner™ is,utilised by our commercial
is predicted to be at,impact of reduced energy,both environmental and,a sustainable innovation,"partners, which power"
least double that of LCD,consumption across our,operational benefits.,which allows advertising,the assets we run within
displays used in outdoor,large format digital network.,,banners to be put back into,their properties (Scope 3).
environments.  LED screens,,They produce zero tailpipe,the manufacturing process,"As an illustration, recently"
also deliver a power saving,The first phase blacked out,"emissions, minimizing the",,
,,,to remake new banners,Melbourne Airport became
when darker creative is run.,70 large format LED sites,main source of our Scope,,
,,,thus eliminating waste and,Australia’s first Airport to be
,across Australia between,1 emissions. We expect,,
,,,reducing our contribution to,a GreenPower™ approved
Our tests show that,1am to 4am for a minimum,them to be servicing our,,
,,,landfill.,"provider, enabling it to sell"
predominantly black,trial period of six months. This,assets by the end of Q1,,
,,,,on-site solar-generated
creative can have a power,"large format digital trial, the",2025 and will be actively,"In 2024, this product was",
,,,,"power to tenants, retailers,"
saving of 59% compared,"first of its scale for oOh!, will",evaluating the performance,recognized as a market-,
,,,,and partners.
to predominantly white,provide valuable insights,and outcomes to inform,leading innovation which,
creative. We encourage our,and learnings on how we,future decisions regarding,won oOh! the Sustainability,oOh!’s transition to
clients to prioritise impactful,may enable our broader,the expansion of electric,award at the World Out of,Melbourne Airport’s
colours on our screens,digital network to reduce its,vehicles into our fleet.,Home Conference in Hong,embedded network
however this testing is an,electricity consumption.,Our aim is to gradually,Kong. We will continue to,facilitated an increase in the
opportunity for clients to,,transition towards a more,develop and expand this,number of sites available for
measure different creative,,sustainable transportation,product across our assets.,us to offer on GreenPower™
options and test for the most,,model that benefits both,,to our clients. As we enter
energy efficient version of,,our organization and,,"2025, we will work with more"
their campaign.,,environment.,,of our commercial partners
,,,,to explore ways to access
,,,,renewable energy sources
,,,,for our assets and identify
,,,,any potential obstacles.