=== Page 7 ===
ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 5  Highlights and achievements A major achievement for FY25 was the sale of OPS and the completion of the Group's portfolio realignment. The OPS business had been a consistent performer for the Group and the team had worked to optimise the business and drive efficiencies in recent years.  However, the transaction was a critical step in re-shaping Orora into a value-added beverage packaging business. Orora’s portfolio had been a collection of disparate packaging businesses at the time of the Amcor demerger in 2013, and we are now a much simpler and more focused operation. In this sense, the significance of the OPS sale milestone cannot be understated, not only in what it meant for the shape of the portfolio but also for capital management initiatives and in returning value to shareholders.  The Global Management Team, along with the leaders of OPS, are to be congratulated for successfully executing the transaction in a timely manner and delivering a price and structure that was well regarded by shareholders.   Similarly, the ongoing work to integrate Saverglass into the Orora Group and establish our Global Glass business during the year is another positive demonstration of our teams working hard and collaborating to achieve a strategic outcome many years in the planning. Another major milestone for the year was the commissioning of the rebuilt G3 oxyfuel furnace at Gawler. Central to our sustainability agenda, this project represents our commitment to innovation and our investment in a sustainable future for the business.  The combined experience and expertise of our Global Glass team, comprising Gawler and Saverglass, puts us at the forefront of technological development for the industry. We are seeing some exciting signs in the exploration of alternative technologies that we expect will be equally important as we look to reach our new Group emissions reduction targets of 41% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by FY35 from a FY19 baseline, and a 31% reduction in Scope 3 emissions by FY35 from a FY25 baseline. Board renewal We were pleased to welcome Jackie McArthur to the Board in FY25. Jackie brings a wealth of experience in consumer marketing and the fast-moving consumer goods sector, having held executive leadership and Board roles with similar global companies. Her insight will be invaluable as we set out on a new phase for the Group.  During the year we farewelled Abi Cleland, formerly Chair of the Safety, Sustainability and Environment Committee, after a decade of contribution to Orora. Abi helped guide us through the beginning of our program of portfolio realignment that completed this year. I thank Abi for her contribution and wish her well on behalf of the Orora Board.  Looking ahead and acknowledgements With the transformation of the Company complete, capacity expansion in the Cans business well underway and the optimisation of the Global Glass business progressing, we enter FY26 with cautious optimism.  We will focus on driving organic growth through the well-established networks and the well-invested assets that underpin our business as we optimise to capture new market opportunities. We have invested “through the cycle” and as conditions normalise, we are well placed to capitalise on the position we have worked to establish in recent years.  We are also well served by a strong balance sheet that reflects prudent capital management with an eye to uncertainty in an ever-changing world.  I would like to thank our shareholders for supporting us through another year of transformation and business optimisation. I also express my thanks to Brian and our teams across the globe for their diligence and dedication in delivering this year’s results.  Rob Sindel Chair

=== Page 9 ===
ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 7  the program, particularly our focus on enhanced communication and the promotion of safety awareness across the Group. A new three-year Global Health & Safety strategy will commence in FY26, which will see further integration of key programs across Global Glass sites in Europe and the Americas. Operating highlights — Orora Cans FY25 marked the first full year in which we have reported on Cans separately as a business unit.  While Cans delivered a solid performance, EBIT of $103.8m was broadly in line with FY24, with higher volumes offset by a $5m increase in corporate costs following the sale of OPS and a $2.1m bad debt. A second can line at Revesby was commissioned during the year, and expansion works at Rocklea are well underway and are expected to complete in FY26, the last stage of an expansion program that began in FY22. After periods operating at network capacity, this investment will be critical to capture further growth and drive increased earnings, with increased demand forecast to continue.  Our investments are aligned to our major customers, a number of which have invested in new filling capacity in Queensland, which will be supported by the Rocklea expansion works.  Investment in digital decoration and printing capability has added to our market-leading value proposition, with the Helio digital printer installed and being commissioned, and set to be running at full capacity in early FY26. This technology truly sets us apart and we look forward to exploring the possibilities when it comes to can decoration and high-speed digital printing with our customers.  With a well-established network requiring minimal growth capex from 2026, the Cans business is placed to deliver strong cash flow growth over the remainder of the decade. Operating highlights — Global Glass Our FY25 results represent a full 12 months of contribution from Saverglass, compared with seven months of contribution in FY24. Global Glass EBIT was $158.3m, with market conditions continuing to be challenging particularly in the commercial wine market in Australia as well as across Europe, and possible tariffs creating added uncertainty.   Saverglass EBIT was €79.2m representing a decline on a pro forma basis of 5.5%.  Modest volume growth in the second half was offset by changes in product mix, with a higher order intake for lower priced premium wine and champagne.  While the imposition of tariffs directly impacts approximately 8% of Saverglass sales, there are also impacts to many of Saverglass’ customers. However, our global footprint allows us to shift production where possible, mitigating this to a degree and reflecting the value of the global network we have established. Encouragingly, we maintained our market share and prices in premium-plus categories. While revenue for Gawler was broadly consistent with FY24, EBIT was $25.4m representing a decline of 54% due to the impact of the G3 oxyfuel furnace rebuild, as well as declines in the commercial wine market in Australia. Work to resize the site to a two-furnace operation is expected to be completed by September 2025, with production to be managed by the existing G2 furnace and the newly commissioned G3 oxyfuel furnace.  A significant milestone was the appointment of Emmanuel Ladent as President of Global Glass, following the announcement of the retirement of Jean-Marc Arrambourg. A seasoned leader with a wealth of experience in international businesses including 30 years at Michelin, Emmanuel is an outstanding fit to lead the Global Glass business into the future. Emmanuel commenced in his new role on 1 July 2025. I would also like to thank Jean-Marc and acknowledge the significant contribution he made to Saverglass, both before and since becoming part of the Orora Group. His leadership during the ownership transition was particularly important and he was fundamental to the establishment of the Saverglass network. I wish him well for the future and appreciate his support during the leadership progression with Emmanuel.  Sustainability update Pleasingly, Gawler achieved 59.5% recycled content in its glass bottles manufactured in FY25, and we are on track to exceed our 60% target (Gawler only) by end of calendar year 2025. This result reflects ongoing efforts to increase our access to and use of cullet in Australia.  Orora reduced absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions across its continuing operations (Global Glass and Cans) by 19% (market-based) and 22% (location-based), building on our strong results in recent years, driven by several key initiatives including the G3 oxyfuel furnace at Gawler.  Orora also completed its first Scope 3 emissions inventory, for ongoing operations. New targets have been set for both emissions reduction and recycled content that encompass both Global Glass and Cans, better reflecting our global portfolio. Targets at a Group level and for each business unit have been set for the first time and provide a strong incentive for our teams to continue to innovate and push the limits of what is possible in creating a sustainable Orora.   This includes ongoing efforts to reduce emissions with a focus on exploring new low-carbon furnace technologies. We are committed to upgrading furnaces across the Global Glass network with low-carbon hybrid technology as required to deliver our FY35 targets.   A major milestone during the year was the completion and re-launch of the G3 oxyfuel furnace at Gawler. In its first six-months of operation, G3 has driven a ~30% reduction in energy consumption and CO2 emissions and will serve as a critical plank of both our operational and sustainability goals in the long term. Looking ahead We enter FY26 with the firm belief that we are well placed to drive long-term growth, while mindful that challenges remain as global conditions stabilise.  For our Cans business, priorities include completing the Cans capacity expansion program and leveraging the possibilities of Helio’s digital capability, as we focus on driving organic growth.  For Global Glass we are focused on efficiency and cost reduction initiatives, and network optimisation including progressing the rebuild and modernisation of the Ghlin plant in Belgium, and the resizing of the Le Havre site from a two-furnace to a single-furnace operation. The team at Gawler will implement the new two-furnace structure and continue to drive operational efficiencies.  In conclusion, I express my sincere thanks to our teams who continue to work tirelessly to deliver results amid this period of transition and in the face of operational challenges. They have shown fantastic commitment and modelled our values as we have transformed to become a focused beverage packaging provider, spanning regions, times zones, languages and cultures.    I would also like to thank our customers and suppliers for continuing to partner  with us.  Brian Lowe Managing Director and CEO

=== Page 19 ===
17
ORORA LIMITED  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Sustainability 
at Orora
Circular  
EconomyClimate  
Change Community
Sustainability represents Our Promise to the Future. 
As a global leader in innovative packaging 
solutions, we take our responsibilities 
seriously when it comes to contributing 
to a more sustainable future.
Following the sale of the Orora Packaging 
Solutions (OPS) business during the first 
half of the year, Orora’s transition to a 
focused beverage packaging operation 
was complete. Our sustainability program 
and how we report against it has changed 
in line with this transformation. 
Our three sustainability pillars of 
Climate Change, Circular Economy and 
Community continue to be the most 
effective and accurate representation of 
our sustainability activities.
The performance and activities within the 
newly combined Global Glass Business 
(Global Glass) are being reported for the 
first time, including all Saverglass sites 
and our Gawler site. The sustainability 
performance and activities of the Orora 
Cans Business (Cans) is also reported 
separately for the first time. During FY25, we made good progress 
across a range of initiatives under our 
three pillars, having met the ambitious 
targets we had set for recycled content 
to the end of FY25, and achieving further 
reductions in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions, building on our strong 
results in recent years. We are also now 
reporting against Scope 3 emissions 
across the Group for the first time, as 
well as at individual business unit levels.
We are announcing new targets, as 
detailed in this report, that reflect the 
new Orora business. These new targets 
provide important pathways for Our 
Promise to the Future . Our emissions 
reduction targets for Scope 1 and 2 
have been reset to reflect whole-of-
Group operations, including Saverglass 
operations for the first time, and we have 
set emissions reduction targets for each 
business unit. Targets have also been set 
for Scope 3 emissions reduction. We returned a strong safety performance 
during the year, with both Recordable 
Case Injuries and Lost Time Injuries 
reducing, following a concerted focus 
on awareness and communication. This 
is particularly pleasing given our safety 
reporting data now includes more higher-
risk sites across Global Glass. 
We made strong progress in embedding 
the One Orora Culture program 
across the Group, extending culture 
conversations to include Senior Leaders 
from Saverglass, and we launched 
the refreshed One Orora Leadership 
Framework. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion 
and Belonging (DEI&B) remained a 
key Community focus, through the 
introduction of a new Belonging Policy 
and the launch of a DEI&B team member-
led council in Australia and New Zealand 
(ANZ).