=== Table 1 (page 7) ===
,Another major milestone for the year was,
Highlights and,,Looking ahead and
,the commissioning of the rebuilt G3 oxyfuel,
,,
achievements,furnace at Gawler. Central to our,acknowledgements
,"sustainability agenda, this project",
A major achievement for FY25 was the sale,,With the transformation of the Company
,represents our commitment to innovation,
of OPS and the completion of the Group's,,"complete, capacity expansion in the Cans"
,and our investment in a sustainable future,
portfolio realignment. The OPS business,,business well underway and the
,for the business.,
had been a consistent performer for the,,optimisation of the Global Glass business
Group and the team had worked to,The combined experience and expertise of,"progressing, we enter FY26 with cautious"
optimise the business and drive,"our Global Glass team, comprising Gawler",optimism.
efficiencies in recent years.,"and Saverglass, puts us at the forefront of",
,,We will focus on driving organic growth
,technological development for the industry.,
"However, the transaction was a critical",,through the well-established networks and
,We are seeing some exciting signs in the,
step in re-shaping Orora into a value-added,,the well-invested assets that underpin our
,exploration of alternative technologies that,
beverage packaging business. Orora’s,,business as we optimise to capture new
,we expect will be equally important as we,
portfolio had been a collection of disparate,,market opportunities. We have invested
,look to reach our new Group emissions,
packaging businesses at the time of the,,“through the cycle” and as conditions
,reduction targets of 41% reduction in,
"Amcor demerger in 2013, and we are now a",,"normalise, we are well placed to capitalise"
,Scope 1 and 2 emissions by FY35 from a,
much simpler and more focused operation.,,on the position we have worked to
,"FY19 baseline, and a 31% reduction in",
"In this sense, the significance of the OPS",,establish in recent years.
,Scope 3 emissions by FY35 from a FY25,
"sale milestone cannot be understated, not",,
,baseline.,We are also well served by a strong balance
only in what it meant for the shape of the,,
,,sheet that reflects prudent capital
portfolio but also for capital management,,
,,
initiatives and in returning value to,Board renewal,management with an eye to uncertainty in
,,an ever-changing world.
shareholders.,,
,We were pleased to welcome Jackie,
,McArthur to the Board in FY25. Jackie,I would like to thank our shareholders for
"The Global Management Team, along with",,
,brings a wealth of experience in consumer,supporting us through another year of
"the leaders of OPS, are to be congratulated",,
,marketing and the fast-moving consumer,transformation and business optimisation. I
for successfully executing the transaction,,
,"goods sector, having held executive",also express my thanks to Brian and our
in a timely manner and delivering a price,,
,leadership and Board roles with similar,teams across the globe for their diligence
and structure that was well regarded by,,
,global companies. Her insight will be,and dedication in delivering this year’s
shareholders.,,
,invaluable as we set out on a new phase for,results.
"Similarly, the ongoing work to integrate",the Group.,
Saverglass into the Orora Group and,,
,"During the year we farewelled Abi Cleland,",
establish our Global Glass business during,,
,"formerly Chair of the Safety, Sustainability",
the year is another positive demonstration,,
,"and Environment Committee, after a",
of our teams working hard and,,
,decade of contribution to Orora. Abi helped,
collaborating to achieve a strategic,,
,guide us through the beginning of our,
outcome many years in the planning.,,
,program of portfolio realignment that,Rob Sindel
,completed this year. I thank Abi for her,
,,Chair
,contribution and wish her well on behalf of,
,the Orora Board.,

=== Table 2 (page 9) ===
"the program, particularly our focus on",a higher order intake for lower priced,Targets at a Group level and for each
enhanced communication and the,premium wine and champagne.,business unit have been set for the first
promotion of safety awareness across,,time and provide a strong incentive for our
,While the imposition of tariffs directly,
the Group.,,teams to continue to innovate and push the
,impacts approximately 8% of Saverglass,
,,limits of what is possible in creating a
A new three-year Global Health & Safety,"sales, there are also impacts to many of",
,,sustainable Orora.
"strategy will commence in FY26, which will","Saverglass’ customers. However, our global",
see further integration of key programs,footprint allows us to shift production,This includes ongoing efforts to reduce
across Global Glass sites in Europe and the,"where possible, mitigating this to a degree",emissions with a focus on exploring new
Americas.,and reflecting the value of the global,low-carbon furnace technologies. We are
,network we have established.,committed to upgrading furnaces across
Operating highlights —,"Encouragingly, we maintained our market",the Global Glass network with low-carbon
,share and prices in premium-plus,hybrid technology as required to deliver our
Orora Cans,,
,categories.,FY35 targets.
FY25 marked the first full year in which we,,
,While revenue for Gawler was broadly,A major milestone during the year was the
have reported on Cans separately as a,,
,"consistent with FY24, EBIT was $25.4m",completion and re-launch of the G3 oxyfuel
business unit.,,
,representing a decline of 54% due to the,furnace at Gawler. In its first six-months of
"While Cans delivered a solid performance,","impact of the G3 oxyfuel furnace rebuild, as","operation, G3 has driven a ~30% reduction"
EBIT of $103.8m was broadly in line with,well as declines in the commercial wine,in energy consumption and CO2 emissions
"FY24, with higher volumes offset by a $5m",market in Australia. Work to resize the site,and will serve as a critical plank of both our
increase in corporate costs following the,to a two-furnace operation is expected to,operational and sustainability goals in the
sale of OPS and a $2.1m bad debt.,"be completed by September 2025, with",long term.
,production to be managed by the existing,
A second can line at Revesby was,,
,,
"commissioned during the year, and",G2 furnace and the newly commissioned,Looking ahead
,G3 oxyfuel furnace.,
expansion works at Rocklea are well,,
,,We enter FY26 with the firm belief that we
underway and are expected to complete in,A significant milestone was the,
,,"are well placed to drive long-term growth,"
"FY26, the last stage of an expansion",appointment of Emmanuel Ladent as,
,,while mindful that challenges remain as
program that began in FY22. After periods,"President of Global Glass, following the",
,,global conditions stabilise.
"operating at network capacity, this",announcement of the retirement of Jean-,
investment will be critical to capture,Marc Arrambourg. A seasoned leader with a,"For our Cans business, priorities include"
further growth and drive increased,wealth of experience in international,completing the Cans capacity expansion
"earnings, with increased demand forecast","businesses including 30 years at Michelin,",program and leveraging the possibilities of
to continue.,Emmanuel is an outstanding fit to lead the,"Helio’s digital capability, as we focus on"
,Global Glass business into the future.,driving organic growth.
Our investments are aligned to our major,,
,Emmanuel commenced in his new role on 1,
"customers, a number of which have",,For Global Glass we are focused on
,July 2025.,
invested in new filling capacity in,,"efficiency and cost reduction initiatives,"
"Queensland, which will be supported by the",I would also like to thank Jean-Marc and,and network optimisation including
Rocklea expansion works.,acknowledge the significant contribution,progressing the rebuild and modernisation
,"he made to Saverglass, both before and","of the Ghlin plant in Belgium, and the"
Investment in digital decoration and,,
,since becoming part of the Orora Group. His,resizing of the Le Havre site from a two-
printing capability has added to our market-,,
,leadership during the ownership transition,furnace to a single-furnace operation. The
"leading value proposition, with the Helio",,
,was particularly important and he was,team at Gawler will implement the new
digital printer installed and being,,
,fundamental to the establishment of the,two-furnace structure and continue to
"commissioned, and set to be running at full",,
,Saverglass network. I wish him well for the,drive operational efficiencies.
capacity in early FY26. This technology,,
,future and appreciate his support during,
truly sets us apart and we look forward to,,"In conclusion, I express my sincere thanks"
,the leadership progression with Emmanuel.,
exploring the possibilities when it comes to,,to our teams who continue to work
can decoration and high-speed digital,,tirelessly to deliver results amid this period
,,
printing with our customers.,Sustainability update,of transition and in the face of operational
,,challenges. They have shown fantastic
With a well-established network requiring,"Pleasingly, Gawler achieved 59.5%",
,,commitment and modelled our values as
"minimal growth capex from 2026, the Cans",recycled content in its glass bottles,
,,we have transformed to become a focused
business is placed to deliver strong cash,"manufactured in FY25, and we are on track",
,,"beverage packaging provider, spanning"
flow growth over the remainder of the,to exceed our 60% target (Gawler only) by,
,,"regions, times zones, languages and"
decade.,end of calendar year 2025. This result,
,,cultures.
,reflects ongoing efforts to increase our,
,,I would also like to thank our customers
Operating highlights —,access to and use of cullet in Australia.,
,,and suppliers for continuing to partner
,Orora reduced absolute Scope 1 and 2,
,,
Global Glass,,with us.
,greenhouse gas emissions across its,
Our FY25 results represent a full 12 months,continuing operations (Global Glass and,
"of contribution from Saverglass, compared",Cans) by 19% (market-based) and 22%,
with seven months of contribution in FY24.,"(location-based), building on our strong",
"Global Glass EBIT was $158.3m, with","results in recent years, driven by several",
,,Brian Lowe
market conditions continuing to be,key initiatives including the G3 oxyfuel,
challenging particularly in the commercial,furnace at Gawler.,Managing Director and CEO
wine market in Australia as well as across,,
,Orora also completed its first Scope 3,
"Europe, and possible tariffs creating added",,
,"emissions inventory, for ongoing",
uncertainty.,,
,operations.,
Saverglass EBIT was €79.2m representing,,
,New targets have been set for both,
a decline on a pro forma basis of 5.5%.,,
,emissions reduction and recycled content,
Modest volume growth in the second half,,
,that encompass both Global Glass and,
"was offset by changes in product mix, with",,
,"Cans, better reflecting our global portfolio.",
ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025,,7

=== Table 3 (page 19) ===
Sustainability represents Our Promise to the Future.,,
As a global leader in innovative packaging,"During FY25, we made good progress",We returned a strong safety performance
"solutions, we take our responsibilities",across a range of initiatives under our,"during the year, with both Recordable"
seriously when it comes to contributing,"three pillars, having met the ambitious",Case Injuries and Lost Time Injuries
to a more sustainable future.,targets we had set for recycled content,"reducing, following a concerted focus"
,"to the end of FY25, and achieving further",on awareness and communication. This
Following the sale of the Orora Packaging,,
,reductions in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse,is particularly pleasing given our safety
Solutions (OPS) business during the first,,
,"gas emissions, building on our strong",reporting data now includes more higher-
"half of the year, Orora’s transition to a",,
,results in recent years. We are also now,risk sites across Global Glass.
focused beverage packaging operation,,
,reporting against Scope 3 emissions,
was complete. Our sustainability program,,We made strong progress in embedding
,"across the Group for the first time, as",
and how we report against it has changed,,the One Orora Culture program
,well as at individual business unit levels.,
in line with this transformation.,,"across the Group, extending culture"
,"We are announcing new targets, as",conversations to include Senior Leaders
Our three sustainability pillars of,,
,"detailed in this report, that reflect the","from Saverglass, and we launched"
"Climate Change, Circular Economy and",,
,new Orora business. These new targets,the refreshed One Orora Leadership
Community continue to be the most,,
,provide important pathways for Our,"Framework. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion"
effective and accurate representation of,,
,Promise to the Future. Our emissions,and Belonging (DEI&B) remained a
our sustainability activities.,,
,reduction targets for Scope 1 and 2,"key Community focus, through the"
,have been reset to reflect whole-of-,introduction of a new Belonging Policy
The performance and activities within the,,
,"Group operations, including Saverglass",and the launch of a DEI&B team member-
newly combined Global Glass Business,,
,"operations for the first time, and we have",led council in Australia and New Zealand
(Global Glass) are being reported for the,,
,set emissions reduction targets for each,(ANZ).
"first time, including all Saverglass sites",,
,business unit. Targets have also been set,
and our Gawler site. The sustainability,,
,for Scope 3 emissions reduction.,
performance and activities of the Orora,,
Cans Business (Cans) is also reported,,

=== Table 4 (page 21) ===
,There is a significant level of integration,
,,
Sustainability,of sustainability into Orora’s operations.,Reporting our performance
,Each Orora business has sustainability,"In addition to the Annual Report, during"
,,
governance,as a standing agenda item for leadership,FY25 we continued to report on our
,team meetings to govern business,sustainability activity annually through
,,the Communication on Progress (CoP) to
Directing our strategy,sustainability strategy and activities.,
,"Additionally, Orora delivers sustainability-","the UNGC, outlining the actions we have"
Orora’s sustainability strategy and,,taken to further implement the UNGC’s
,related education to teams across the,
efforts are regularly monitored by,,"Principles on human rights, labour,"
,"business, such as training on human",
the Board and senior executives. The,,environment and anti-corruption.
,"rights, recycling and recycled content",
Orora Board oversees and approves our,,
,"and climate change related issues, as",
"strategic direction, retains oversight",,We also continue to support the Carbon
,well as education on compliance topics,
of material sustainability risks and,,"Disclosure Project (CDP), voluntarily"
,such as ‘greenwashing’.,
"opportunities, and the effectiveness of",,"disclosing information under the Climate,"
our sustainability governance framework,,Water and Forest Risk sections. As
,Orora Group Environmental,
"(see figure above), operating through the",,part of our commitment to sustainable
,Policy,
"Safety, Sustainability and Environment",,"operations, we achieved a score in FY24"
"Committee (SSEC). Additionally, the",,"of B for Climate, B- for Water and C for"
,"Orora’s Group Environmental Policy,",
Audit Risk and Compliance Committee,,Forest Risk.
,"updated in FY24, reaffirms our",
(ARCC) reviews the outcomes of the,,
,commitment to environmental,
,,Orora also submitted an annual report to
limited assurance process applied to,,
,stewardship and sustainable business,
,,the Australian Packaging Covenant (APC)
"our sustainability metrics, and the",,
,practices. The revised policy strengthens,
,,in FY25 and was again assessed as being
Continuous Disclosure Committee,,
,our focus on addressing climate change,
,,in the highest ‘Beyond Best Practice’
and the Board approve release of,,
,"risks, minimising environmental harm,",
,,category.
sustainability performance data to,,
,"preventing pollution, and managing",
the market.,,
,resources responsibly across our,To further enhance Orora’s sustainability
,operations and supply chains.,"disclosures, we have again engaged"
Our Global Management Team oversees,,
,,KPMG to perform limited assurance
"our corporate sustainability strategy,",,
,The policy ensures compliance with,
,,across the metrics reported in the
targets and material sustainability,,
,applicable environmental laws and,
,,Sustainability at Orora section of this
"activities, and sustainability forms",,
,"regulations, sets measurable objectives,",
,,"Annual Report, with the exception of"
part of our Global Management Team,,
,and embeds sustainability into decision-,
,,the FY25 Scope 3 emissions. This is the
members’ remuneration. As noted in the,,
,making. It also promotes continuous,
,,first year Orora has published a Scope 3
"Remuneration Report, Orora’s Short Term",,
,improvement through regular review and,
,,"inventory, and limited assurance will"
Incentive Program includes goals focused,,
,engagement with key stakeholders.,
,,be applied to the inventory published
on sustainability as a strategic initiative.,,
,,in FY26.
,,A copy of the KPMG Limited Assurance
,,Report is on page 40.

=== Table 5 (page 28) ===
,,
,Orora Group,"The first set of data (chart 1 below) 
reports on Orora Group emissions for"
OUR TARGETS,,
,,the period FY19 to FY25 utilising both
,Orora’s greenhouse gas emissions,
,,location and market-based factors
Orora Group,reduction targets were reviewed during,
,,"for the Group’s continuing operations,"
,"FY25, with a view to setting new targets",
,,comprising Global Glass (including
,that reflect the Group following the,
Net zero emissions by 2050,,"Saverglass and Gawler) and Cans, and"
,FY24 acquisition of Saverglass and the,
,,excluding the discontinued operations
for Scope 1 and 2 emissions,,
,sale of the OPS and Closures businesses,
,,"of OPS and Closures. Going forward, only"
,in FY25.,
,,continuing operations will be reported.
41%,Orora is pleased to announce a new set,
,,"The second set of data (chart 2, page"
,,
,of targets at the Orora Group level as well,27) is for Orora Group emissions for the
,"as, for the first time, individual targets for",
•  A Group reduction in Scope 1 and 2,,period FY25 utilising both location and
,both Global Glass and Orora Cans. New,
absolute emissions of 41% by FY35,,market-based factors and covers the
,Scope 3 reduction targets have also been,
from a FY19 baseline(1),,emissions of all operational parts of the
,"set for the first time, at the Group, Global",
,,"Group during FY25, with the inclusion of"
•  A Group reduction in Scope 3 emissions,Glass and Cans levels.,
,,Saverglass for the first time in FY25.
of 31% by FY35 from a FY25 baseline(2),,
,The targets for Global Glass and Orora,
,,Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
,Cans are structured differently due to the,
,,"data (chart 3, page 27), reported on"
,specific nature and inherent differences,
,,
Global Glass,,"for the first time by Orora, will only be"
,of those businesses. Orora Group targets,
,,reported for the continuing operations
,reflect the combined individual targets,
,,"of the Group, inclusive of Global Glass"
,for the Global Glass and Cans businesses.,
60%,,(including Saverglass and Gawler) and
,,
,Orora Group greenhouse gas,"Orora Cans. Scope 3 emissions represent 
59% of Orora’s overall Scope 1, 2 and 3"
•  A reduction in the intensity ratio of,,
,emissions performance,emissions and as such have significant
kilograms of Scope 1 and 2 emissions,,activity aimed at reducing them in both
per tonne of packed glass produced,FY25 performance reporting contains,
,,Global Glass and Orora Cans. The Global
,more complexity due to changes in the,
(kg CO2eq/Tgp) of 60% by FY35 from,,Glass and Orora Cans greenhouse gas
a FY19 baseline,Group during FY24 and FY25. For FY25,
,,emissions performance sections of
,"at the Orora Group level, we are reporting",
,,this Report have further information
•  A reduction in Scope 3 emissions,,
,on two sets of Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse,
,,"on the drivers of the Scope 1, 2 and 3"
per tonne of packed glass produced,,
,gas emissions data.,
,,greenhouse gas emissions at the Orora
(kg CO2eq/Tgp) of 32% by FY35 from,,
,,Group level.
a FY19 baseline,,

=== Table 6 (page 29) ===
Business unit (outer disk)
Business unit (outer disk)
Global Glass - Scope 1 (96%)
Global Glass - Scope 1 (96%)
Cans - Scope 1 (4%)
Cans - Scope 1 (4%)
Global Glass - Scope 2 (61%)
Global Glass - Scope 2 (61%)
Cans - Scope 2 (39%)
Cans - Scope 2 (39%)
Global Glass - Scope 3 (30%)
Global Glass - Scope 3 (30%)
Cans - Scope 3 (70%)
Cans - Scope 3 (70%)

=== Table 7 (page 29) ===
Cans - Scope 3 (70%)
Cans - Scope 3 (70%)
Orora Group (inner disk)
Orora Group (inner disk)
Scope 1 (32%)
Scope 1 (32%)
Scope 2 (9%)
Scope 2 (9%)
Scope 3 (59%)
Scope 3 (59%)

=== Table 8 (page 29) ===
,understand the physical and transitional,It also reflects our ongoing commitment
Understanding Orora’s climate,,
,risks and opportunities posed to our,to assessing and measuring our
change risk,,
,Global Glass and Cans businesses.,exposure to material risks in accordance
,The outcomes of this analysis will be,with the ASX Corporate Governance
Orora addresses climate change,,
,incorporated into Orora’s approach to,Council’s Recommendation 7.4 and other
risk by understanding the risks and,,
,addressing climate change.,regulatory expectations.
opportunities posed by our operations.,,
This informs how we approach material,,
,Orora’s FY22 TCFD analysis explored,Orora is also well progressed on
risks and opportunities as part of our,,
,the physical and transitional impacts,work towards compliance with the
Climate Change pillar. This is achieved,,
,of climate change on Orora under two,amendments to the Corporations Act
through the Taskforce on Climate-related,,
,different climate scenarios and did not,2001 (Cth) relating to the inclusion
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) analysis and,,
,identify any material risks to Orora at,of mandatory Australian Accounting
applying initiatives to reduce absolute,,
,that time. It confirmed that Orora’s,Standards Board Climate-related
greenhouse gas emissions through,,
,climate change strategy was appropriate,disclosures as part of our FY26 Annual
the implementation of lower carbon,,
,and positioned us well should any risks,Report. Orora is well positioned given
technologies and energy sources.,,
,become material. The detailed outcomes,previous TCFD analysis and scenario
,of the FY22 TCFD analysis and the,"analysis, its Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions"
"Based on the materiality assessments,",,
,actions we have taken are available on,reporting which is already subject to
described in the “Informing Our Strategy”,,
,the Orora Group website.,limited assurance and its reporting of
"section on page 18, that have shaped",,
,,Scope 3 GHG emissions for FY25.
"our sustainability approach, we regularly",,
,Our ongoing work to reduce absolute,
review the sustainability landscape and,,
,greenhouse gas emissions and further,
engage with stakeholders to identify,,
,understand potential impacts of,
current and emerging climate change,,
,climate change on our operations and,
risks and opportunities.,,
,investments recognises our obligations,
,under Principle 7 of the United Nations,
Given the changes to Orora’s business,,
,"Global Compact (UNGC), which requires",
"during FY24 and FY25, we will",,
,businesses to support a precautionary,
undertake another climate change risk,,
,approach to environmental challenges.,
and opportunity analysis in FY26 to,,

=== Table 9 (page 30) ===
,,
Global Glass,"Global Glass is responsible for 88% 
of Orora’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse","This commitment was reflected by 
the certification of the Saverglass"
,,
approach to,"gas emissions and 30% of Scope 3 
greenhouse gas emissions. The work","greenhouse gas reduction program by 
the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi)"
,,
greenhouse,"of Global Glass towards reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions is central to","in FY22. As the largest contributor to 
Orora’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions, the"
,,
gas emissions,"its sustainability approach, as it has been 
for both the previous Orora Glass (Gawler)","Global Glass business is committed to 
developing a less carbon intensive glass"
,,
reductions,"and Saverglass before it became part of 
the Orora Group.","making process driven by five central 
initiatives."

=== Table 10 (page 31) ===
,This is one of the reasons why Orora has,
Optimising the use of,,FY25 Activity
,introduced a new recycled content target,
,,
"raw materials (Scope 1 
2",,Building on the FY23 commissioning
,for Global Glass of 68% for colour glass,
,,
and 2 focused),"by FY35, under the Circular Economy",of Orora’s glass beneficiation plant at
,,Gawler and ongoing efforts to increase
,sustainability pillar. Increasing access,
,,"the procurement of cullet, Orora remained"
,"to, and use of, cullet continues to be",
,,the largest off taker of cullet from South
Strategy,,
,a high priority for Global Glass in its,
,,"Australia (80%), and 100% of available"
"Traditionally, glass is made with sand,",Australian operation while the business,
,,cullet from the Western Australian
"limestone and sodium carbonate, melted",is also pursuing ways of further growing,
,,scheme. The sourcing of more cullet from
down at extremely high temperatures.,the already high colour cullet use in,
,,CDS led to an increase in the operational
"Since glass can be recycled indefinitely,",its European plants. It will also work,
,,capacity of the cullet beneficiation plant
Global Glass has long focused on reducing,with local authorities and industries in,
,,"at Gawler, which has been central to"
the use of raw ingredients through,the Americas region to improve cullet,
,,progress towards the previous Gawler-
"increased use of recycled glass, known",collection services in a relatively immature,
,,focused target of 60% cullet usage and
as cullet. The secondary benefit to using,local glass recycling market. Global Glass,
,,a factor in the reduction of Scope 1 and
cullet is that the melting point of cullet,will continue to work with existing CDS,
,,2 greenhouse gas emissions for Global
is lower than the traditional mix of raw,in Australia to expand the types of glass,
,,Glass.
"materials, thereby reducing energy use",containers covered by these schemes to,
and greenhouse gas emissions in the,enable access to more cullet.,
manufacturing process.,,

=== Table 11 (page 31) ===
manufacturing process.,,
,This work focuses on raw material,
Innovating to change,,FY25 Activity
,decarbonisation during furnace,
,,
"the way we work  
3",,"During FY25, a key focus was the potential"
,"combustion, using lower carbon energy",
,,for carbon capture at several facilities
,,
(Scope 1 and 2 focused),"sources in the glass fusion process,",
,,as well as exploring the potential use of
,utilising hydrogen and biomethane,
,,"biomethane as an energy source, and"
,combustion and the electrification of the,
,,the continued exploration of the use of
Strategy,,
,glass melting process. As a member of,
,,hydrogen instead of natural gas. Further
Global Glass will continue to work towards,International Partners in Glass Research,
,,work was also undertaken on the eco-
making the glass making process less,(IGPR) Global Glass will explore the,
,,design tool for use by customers when
greenhouse gas intensive through,development of zero-carbon glass bottles,
,,"creating bespoke bottles, which provides"
partnerships with research organisations,through the eradication of greenhouse,
,,details of the greenhouse impact of
and other glass makers.,gas emissions from both the energy input,
,,different products and informs customer
,and raw material perspectives of glass,
,,design decisions.
,production.,
,,The program is designed to help freight
Reducing indirect,that utilise greater recycled content at,
,"sites, while a key focus in France, Belgium",customers better incorporate the
"emissions (Scope 3 
4",,
,,
focused),"and Mexico will be the reuse of shipping 
pallets and optimising pallet loading. This","environmental impact of their shipping 
operations into their overall sustainable"
,increases the average number of bottles,development strategies.
,"per pallet, reducing the volume of truck",
Strategy,,
,loads required to transport them.,FY25 Activity
Scope 3 emissions reduction activity,,
,,Most of the activity in Scope 3 greenhouse
for the Global Glass business will focus,"Since 2023 in Europe, Global Glass",
,,gas emissions reduction for Global Glass
on reducing emissions associated with,(Saverglass) has been a member of the Fret,
,,was focused on the establishment of a
the collection of raw materials and with,"21 program, an initiative co-coordinated by",
,,"new Scope 3 inventory for the business,"
logistics and transport activity.,the French Agency for Ecological Transition,
,,incorporating both Saverglass and Gawler
,(ADEME) and the Association of Freight,
,,for the first time. This has constituted
Key initiatives will include the further,Users (AUTF).,
,,an assessment of material Scope 3
adoption of thinner bottle packing sleeves,,
,,greenhouse gas emission areas.

=== Table 12 (page 32) ===
,,
Global Glass,"The Global Glass location-based Scope 
1 and 2 emissions decreased by 12%","Other factors that have contributed to a 
reduction in emissions are the phasing"
,,
greenhouse,"from FY24 to FY25 and since FY19 they 
have decreased by 26%. The market-","out of heavy fuel oil at Feuquières and 
Le Havre, increased usage of electrical"
,,
gas emissions,"based emissions decreased by 9% from 
FY24 to FY25 and since FY19 they have","boosting at Feuquières, increased use of 
cullet at Gawler and improved production"
,,
performance,"decreased by 21%. The FY25 decrease 
has been driven by a range of factors",efficiencies at sites.
,including lower production volumes,
,across sites and the commissioning,
,of the G3 oxyfuel furnace at Gawler.,

=== Table 13 (page 33) ===
ORORA POWERS ONE OF THE WORLD’S MOST ENERGY,
EFFICIENT FURNACES,
FY25 marked the successful commissioning of Orora’s new,
"oxyfuel glass furnace at its Gawler site, placing it among",
the top 10% of energy-efficient furnaces worldwide. This,
"cutting-edge technology, supported by a $12.5 million",
"federal government grant, uses oxygen to reduce energy",
consumption and emissions. The result: up to 30% energy,
"reduction, approximately 30% less C02, and 80% fewer",
"nitrogen oxides. Supplied by an onsite oxygen plant, the",
oxyfuel furnace achieves higher flame temperatures with less,
"energy use, particularly when melting recycled glass cullet.",
This breakthrough demonstrates Orora’s commitment to,
sustainable manufacturing.,
"Greg Savage, Senior Vice President - Asia Pacific for Orora",
Glass said: “We’re excited to take the sustainability of Orora,
Glass to the next level with this new technology. By combining,
an increasing amount of recycled cullet from our beneficiation,
"plant together with our oxyfuel furnace, Orora Glass will",
deliver even more sustainable glass containers for our,
customers.”,
Global Glass Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance(7),
"For the first time, Orora is reporting",Global Glass Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance7
,Global Glass Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance(7)
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions,
,(tonnes C02e)
data for Global Glass incorporating both,(tonnes C02e)
Saverglass and Gawler. This data has,
not been subject to independent limited,
"assurance in FY25, but will be in the",
FY26 Annual Report. The Scope 3 profile,
demonstrates that Global Glass accounts,
for 30% of Orora’s Scope 3 emissions,
with the majority of emissions generated,
by purchased goods and services,
"(including raw materials), fuel and energy-",
"related activities (gas and electricity,",
the indirect value chain production and,
infrastructure emissions for delivery of,
"gas and electricity), and downstream",
transportation and distribution. Reducing,
emissions in these areas will be the key,
focus in terms of Scope 3 emissions,
performance over the next decade as we,
work toward our new targets.,

=== Table 14 (page 33) ===
Scope 3 by activity
Purchased goods and services (52%)
"Capital goods (5%)
Scope 3 by activity"
Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or scope 2)(19%)
Purchased goods and services (23.0%)
Upstream transportation and distribution (6%)
Capital goods (3.0%)
Waste generated in operation (1%)
Fuel and energy related activities (33.7%)
Business travel (0.4%)
Upstream transportation and distribution (6.4%)
Employee commuting (0.9%)
Waste generated in operations (1.1%)
Upstream leased assets (6.8%)
"Business travel (0.3%)
Downstream transportation and distribution (5.9%)"
Downstream leased assets (6%)
Upstream leased assets (1.6%)
Downstream transportation and distribution (17.1%)
Processing of sold products (8.2%)
End of life treatment of sold product (3.3%)

=== Table 15 (page 34) ===
,This will be achieved through significant,
Orora Cans,investments in lean methodology in,FY25 Activity
,,"During the year, the Cans Business"
,manufacturing operations with rigorous,
,,
approach to,"focus on reducing losses, manufacturing",continued the significant inroads made
,,in renewable electricity procurement
,"network design, capacity to minimise",
,,
greenhouse,"transportation between production sites,","in Australia, with 79% of the electricity"
,,used by Global Glass and Cans in FY25 in
,"and energy metering and monitoring,",
,,
gas emissions,supported by partnerships to further,Australia coming from renewable sources
,,provided through PPAs.
,,
reductions,optimise energy and emissions intensity.,Similar to Global Glass (Australian
,The Cans business is exploring renewable,
,,"operations), Cans procures LGCs through"
The Cans business is responsible for,gas opportunities to reduce Scope,
,,these PPAs but to date has not retired
12% of Orora’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse,1 emissions through Renewable Gas,
,,"them, keeping with our commitment of"
"gas emissions, the majority of which are",Guarantee of Origin (RGGO) schemes.,
,,exercising prudent financial stewardship
Scope 2 emissions driven by electricity,RGGOs create and track ownership of,
,,while transitioning to lower carbon
"consumption, and 70% of Orora’s Scope 3",renewable gas to enable commercial,
,,"energy sources. As such, Cans is"
greenhouse gas emissions.,and industrial customers to displace,
,,not currently claiming any Scope 2
,their natural gas use with carbon neutral,
,,greenhouse gas reduction benefit from
Strategy,"renewable gas, directly supporting",
,,its PPAs in Australia.
The Cans business’ approach to reducing,renewable gas projects.,
Scope 2 emissions from electricity is,,"During FY25, Cans made positive"
,Due to the lack of Australian domestic,
focused on a comprehensive renewable,,"progress in can body lightweighting,"
,"aluminium production, the largest",
electricity strategy that reduces,,achieving a reduction of approximately
,contributor to Cans Scope 3 greenhouse,
emissions while maintaining operational,,4% gross weight for a 375ml can
,gas emissions is the procurement of,
reliability. This is achieved through the,,body. Progress on other lightweighting
,aluminium flat sheet coils from suppliers,
establishment of multiple PPAs under,,applications was slowed during the year
,based overseas. Cans aims to reduce,
"which LGCs can be procured. Additionally,",,due to customer line availability and the
,Scope 3 emissions through a responsible,
small scale solar photovoltaic (PV),,implementation of can line expansion
,sourcing approach focused on the,
systems will continue to be installed at,,"projects at Orora sites. Despite this,"
,production and value chain emissions of,
sites where feasible.,,significant gains have recently been
,"suppliers, as well as increasing recycled",
,,made at Rocklea with customers having
To further reduce Scope 1 and 2,content in coils. Can body lightweighting,
,,converted to the new lighter domed
"greenhouse gas emissions, Cans is also",remains a central plank in the Group’s,
,,375ml can in November 2024.
focusing on improving the efficiency of,efforts to reduce Scope 3 emissions.,
electricity and gas usage.,,

=== Table 16 (page 35) ===
Orora Cans Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance(9),
"For the first time, Orora is reporting on",
,Cans Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance9
,Cans Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions performance(9)
the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions,
,(tonnes C02e)
data for the Cans business. This data has,(tonnes C02e)
not been subject to independent limited,
"assurance in FY25, but will be in the",
FY26 Annual Report. The Scope 3 profile,
demonstrates that Cans is responsible,
for 70% of Orora’s Scope 3 emissions and,
that the majority of emissions are in the,
following areas: purchased goods and,
"services (aluminium flat sheet), upstream",
transportation and distribution and the,
processing of sold products. As noted in,
the “Cans Approach to Greenhouse Gas,
"Emissions Reduction” section, emissions",
reduction activity will focus on these,
areas over the period to FY35.,

=== Table 17 (page 35) ===
Scope 3 by activity
"Scope 3 by activity
Purchased goods and services (92%)"
Purchased goods and services (84.0%)
Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or scope 2) (X%)
"Upstream transportation and distribution  (X%)
Fuel and energy related activities (1.4%)"
"Waste generated in operation  (X%)
Upstream transportation and distribution (2.6%)"
Business travel  (X%)
Waste generated in operations (0.2%)
Employee commuting (X%)
Business travel (0.7%)
Upstream leased assets (X%)
Employee commuting (0.2%)
Downstream transportation and distribution (X%)
Upstream leased assets (0.1%)
Processing of sold products (X%)
Downstream transportation and distribution (0.8%)
End-of-life treatment of sold products (X%)
Processing of sold products (9.0%)
End of life treatment of sold product (0.1%)

=== Table 18 (page 35) ===
Footnotes
(1)   The Orora Group Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target is based on combining the Global Glass and Cans Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas
emissions reduction targets.
(2)  The Orora Group Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target is based on combining the Global Glass and Cans Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
reduction targets.
"(3)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and only includes the ongoing operational Orora Group entities during that period (Global Glass and Cans), please refer to"
footnote 4 for details on Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions methodology.
(4)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and includes all operational Orora Group entities during that period including OPS and Closures up to the date of
divestment. All actual kilotonnes have been rounded to the nearest thousand. Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions are measured in tonnes of carbon
"dioxide equivalents. Scope 1 emissions include natural gas, raw material combustion in furnace for glass, transport and diesel LPG. Scope 2 emissions"
include indirect emissions from consumption of purchased electricity utilising market-based and location-based factors as stated. Both Market and
Location-based emissions factors for the consumption of purchased electricity from the grid are updated annually to reflect changes in energy mix. Scope
"1 and 2 emissions are reported for Australian operations utilising The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act), for European"
"operations the Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) that develops the standardised European Energy Certificate System (EECS), for United Arab Emirates"
"(UAE) operations the Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DWEA), for Mexican operations the Mexico Electricity 2022 and the International Energy"
Association (IEA) Emission Factors 2024 (published for 2025). The GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol) is also
referenced for guidance on all Scope 1 and 2 emissions calculations.
(5)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and only includes the ongoing operational Orora Group entities during that period (Global Glass and Cans). All actual
kilotonnes have been rounded to the nearest thousand. Orora has established a Scope 3 emissions baseline for FY25 to enhance visibility of indirect
emissions across its value chain. The emissions inventory presented in this report has been prepared in accordance with the GHG Protocol’s Corporate
"Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, using source activity data from Orora’s operating business units. Scope 3 emissions occur"
both upstream and downstream of our direct operations. These emissions are typically more challenging to quantify than Scope 1 and 2 emissions due to
"limited data availability, varying emissions intensities, and the complexity of value chain interactions. Accordingly, where primary data was unavailable,"
assumptions and generic emissions factors have been applied. This FY25 Scope 3 inventory reflects the material value chain activities relevant to Orora’s
operations and has been consolidated using the operational control approach. GHG Protocol Categories 1 to 10 and 12 have been included within the
"reporting boundary. Categories 11, 13 to 15 were assessed not to be relevant and therefore not included within the Group’s Scope 3 reporting boundary."
"(6)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and only includes Global Glass entities during that period, please refer to footnote 4 for details on Scope 1 and 2 GHG"
emissions methodology.
(7)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and only includes Global Glass entities during that period. All actual kilotonnes have been rounded to the nearest
"thousand, please refer to footnote 5 for details on Scope 3 GHG emissions methodology."
"(8)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 and only includes Cans entities during that period, please refer to footnote 4 for details on Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions"
"methodology. Please note that for FY26 Cans may give consideration to the implementation of a new, additional, ratio Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions target."
"(9)  Covers 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025, all actual kilotonnes have been rounded to the nearest thousand, please refer to footnote 5 for details on Scope 3"
"GHG emissions methodology. Please note that for FY26 Cans may give consideration to the implementation of a new, additional, ratio based Scope 3 GHG"
emissions reduction target.

=== Table 19 (page 42) ===
Orora Limited (Orora) engaged KPMG to perform a limited assurance engagement in relation to the Selected,,,,,,,
"Sustainability Information, as presented in the Sustainability Chapter in the Orora Annual Report for the year",,,,,,,
ended 30 June 2025. This comprises the following material sustainability metrics:,,,,,,,
I,,,,,,,
,Selected Sustainability,,,,Selected Sustainability,,
,,FY25,Unit,,,FY25,Unit
,Information,,,,Information,,
,Climate Change Metrics,,,,Circular Economy Metrics,,
,Scope 1 GHG Emissions,427k,ktCO2e,,Circularity Metric for OPS,62,%
,Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Location-,,,,,,
,,129k,ktCO2e,,Recycled Content in Aluminium Cans,78,%
,Based),,,,,,
,Scope 2 GHG Emissions,,,,Recycled Content in Corrugated Board,54,%
,,179k,ktCO2e,,,,
,(Market-Based),,,,,,
,,,,,Recycled Content (cullet %) in,,
,Renewable Energy Percentage,79,%,,,59.5,%
,,,,,manufactured glass products (Gawler),,
,Global Glass Scope 1 and 2,,,,,,
,,,,,Global Glass: Recycled content (cullet %),,
,greenhouse gas ratio emissions per,632,ratio,,,44,%
,,,,,for colour glass in beverage containers,,
,tonne of packed glass produced,,,,,,
,,,,,Community Metrics,,
,Water Intensity: Production Ratio,1.1977,ratio,,,,
,,,,,Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR),8.3,ratio
,Waste to Landfill Intensity:,,,,,,
,,0.0072,ratio,,,,
,Production Ratio,,,,Potential Serious Injury or Fatality,,
,,,,,,73,count
,,,,,incidents (SIF),,
,,,,,Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR),2.2,ratio
,,,,,Diversity – New Female External Hires,36,%
,,,,I,,,

=== Table 20 (page 64) ===
DIRECTORS’ REPORT,
Statutory matters,
Operating and financial review,
An operating and financial review of the consolidated entity during the financial year and the results of these operations begins at,
page 12 of this Annual Report.,
State of affairs,
"The divestment of OPS completed on 12 December 2024. In addition, on 31 January 2025, the sale of the aluminium closures business in",
"Adelaide, South Australia completed. Further information regarding these divestments is provided in note 6.1 to the Financial",
Statements.,
Principal activities,
The principal activities of the consolidated entity at the date of this report are set out in the ‘Orora at a glance’ section on page 1 of this,
Annual Report. There were no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the consolidated entity during the financial,
year ended 30 June 2025.,
Events subsequent to the end of the financial year,
There have been no events subsequent at the date of this Annual Report.,
Likely developments,
The Operating and Financial Review section from pages 12 to 16 of this Annual Report contains information on the consolidated entity’s,
business strategies and prospects for future financial years and refers to likely developments in the consolidated entity’s operations and,
the expected results of these operations in future financial years. Information on likely developments in the consolidated entity’s,
"business strategies, prospects and operations for future financial years and the expected results of those operations has not been",
included in this report where the Directors believe it would likely result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity. Details that,
"could give rise to material detriment to the consolidated entity, for example, information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or",
"could give a third party a commercial advantage, have also not been included.",
Dividends,
Dividends paid or declared by the Company to members during the financial year ended 30 June 2025 are set out in note 2.2 to the,
Financial Statements.,
No waiver was sought from the Trustees of the Orora Employee Share Trusts in respect of the entitlement of Treasury Shares held in the,
"Trusts to be paid from the 2025 interim or final dividends, in compliance with Australian Tax Office Tax Determination (TD 2019/13). The",
Trusts received dividends on unallocated shares and the Employee Share Trusts were subject to tax at the applicable rate on dividends,
received in respect of the unallocated shares.,
Environmental performance and reporting,
The Orora Group is committed to continuous improvement of its environmental performance by finding better ways to manufacture and,
"distribute its products. This is guided by the Orora Group’s Environmental Policy, a copy of which is available on Orora’s website.",
(a) Carbon emissions,
The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Safeguard Mechanism) Rule 2015 (Rule) made under the National Greenhouse and Energy,
"Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act) applies to facilities with direct CO2 emissions (Scope 1) of greater than 100,000 tonnes per year in",
Australia. These facilities are required to maintain their direct emissions below their historical peak level. Facilities that exceed their,
historical peak CO2 emissions will be required to purchase CO2 credits to offset their increase in emissions.,
"The only Australian Orora Group facility that exceeds the 100,000 tonnes per year CO2 threshold is the glass facility in Gawler, South",
Australia.,
The Glass facility at Orora moved from a calculated baseline to a production adjusted baseline in FY23. In FY25 the site was below the,
Safeguard Mechanism baseline. This facility complies with its obligations under the Rule.,
(b) Greenhouse gas requirements,
"In Australia, the Orora Group is subject to reporting obligations under the NGER Act.",
The NGER Act requires the Company to report on its annual Australian greenhouse gas emissions and energy use. The Orora Group has,
data gathering and management systems in place that comply with the NGER Act and the Clean Energy Regulator’s audit processes. To,
"comply with this obligation, Orora provides a report to the Clean Energy Regulator each year.",
62,ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025

=== Table 21 (page 94) ===
,changes to the financial results and the carrying values of certain
Climate change,
,assets and liabilities in future reporting periods.
The Group's current strategy to manage climate-related risks and,
opportunities is underpinned by Orora's Climate Change and,Orora will continue to develop reporting plans and quantitative
"Circular Economy pillars of the Group’s Sustainability strategy,","analysis around the Group’s climate change strategy, including"
"‘
Our Promise to the Future’. This strategy focuses on reducing",compliance with the amendments to the Corporations Act 2001
gross greenhouse gas emissions across the Group and investing,"(
Cth) relating to the inclusion of mandatory Australian Accounting"
"in low emissions technologies and renewable energy sources, as",Standards Board Climate-related disclosures for FY26.
well as maximising the recycled content of our products to,
ensure they can be continually recycled to reduce greenhouse,
,Current period events
gas emissions.,
,Dividend
With the divestment of the Orora Packaging Solutions business,"During the financial year, the Group paid an unfranked FY24 final"
(refer to note 6.1) and the transition of the Group to a focused,
,dividend of $67.1 million at 5.0 cents per ordinary share and an
beverage packaging operation the Group’s sustainability program,unfranked FY25 interim dividend of $65.7 million at 5.0 cents
has changed and emission reduction targets for Scope 1 and 2,
,per ordinary share.
"reset to reflect this, including setting emission reduction targets",
for each businesses as well as Scope 3 emission reductions.,Since 30 June 2025 the Directors have determined a final
,"dividend for FY25 of $64.1 million, unfranked, of 5.0 cents per"
The Group has committed to achieve net zero greenhouse gas,
,ordinary share. Refer to note 2.2 for further details.
emissions by 2050 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and a 41%,
"reduction by FY35, both from a FY19 baseline, and 31%",
,Share buyback
"Scope 3 emissions reduction by FY35, from a FY25 baseline.",
,"On 10 December 2024, the Group announced an on-market share"
The emission targets for the Group’s Global Glass business,buyback of up to 10% of the total issued share capital. This
include a 60% reduction in the intensity of ratio of kilograms,represents approximately 134.3 million shares.
of emissions per tonne of packed glass produced and a 32%,
,"During the period, 62,119,306 ordinary shares were purchased"
"reduction in Scope 3 emissions, both by FY35 from a FY19",
,on-market through the share buyback for a total value of
baseline. The targets set also include a 68% recycled content,
,$126.8 million. Refer to note 2.4.
for coloured glass beverage containers. The Group’s Orora Cans,
business sustainability targets include an 80% total recycled,
,North American packaging solutions business sale
"content in aluminium cans by FY30, a 50% reduction in Scope 1",
and 2 emissions by FY35 from a baseline of FY19 and 30%,"On 12 December 2024, the Group completed the sale of its"
reduction in Scope 3 emissions by FY35 from a FY25 baseline.,North American packaging solutions business (OPS) to Veritiv
,"Corporation (Veritiv) for an enterprise value of A$1,792.5 million"
"During the period, Orora completed the commissioning of the G3",
,"(US$1,200.0 million) on a cash and debt-free basis."
"oxyfuel furnace located at Gawler, Australia reducing Scope 1",
and 2 emissions and energy use from the furnace by,"As a result of the sale, the OPS business is classified as a"
"approximately 30%, including an expansion of the Group’s",discontinued operation in this Annual Report and comparative
cullet sourcing program in Australia.,information has been restated to reflect the current period
,presentation.
Within the cans business the recycled content of aluminium,
beverage cans reached 78% with the business focusing on,Upon completion of the sale the Directors considered the capital
responsible sourcing of recycled content from suppliers. The,structure and related financing requirements of the Group.
business also continues to make progress on the complex,"Initially, a portion of the net proceeds received from the sale"
exercise of reducing the weight of three different can size,were used to repay drawn borrowings under the Group’s debt
formats.,facilities as well as investing in capacity expansion of the Orora
,"Cans facility located in Rocklea, Queensland. In determining the"
Looking forward Orora has established a long-term network-wide,
,"timing and quantity of funds to return to shareholders, and the"
furnace rebuild program increasing electric energy use and,
,"method to be used, the Directors considered a variety of factors,"
increase cullet usage to further drive greenhouse gas emission,
,including the current economic environment; tightening liquidity
"reductions, in addition to working with industry partners to",
,in debt markets and terms of the Group’s debt facilities; retaining
assess the potential use of low carbon furnaces and fuels. The,
,the Group’s strong balance sheet; whilst preserving flexibility to
Group is also looking to increase renewable energy with the use,
,pursue potential investment in strategically aligned growth
of Power Purchase Agreements and expand the supplier,
,projects. The Directors determined to return approximately
responsible sourcing program focusing on aluminium flat sheet,
,$320.0 million to shareholders through a return of capital.
recycled content and supplier renewable energy use profiles.,
,The net gain on disposal before tax of $849.6 million
The known estimates and approved cash flows required to,
,($858.6 million after-tax) has been recognised and is presented
"execute these activities, and other initiatives identified by the",
,"in ‘profit from discontinued operations, net of tax’ in the income"
"Group in managing climate-related risks and opportunities, have",
,statement. Refer to note 6.1 for further details of the divestment.
been incorporated into the forecast cash flows when assessing,
"the carrying value of the Group's assets, the financial",
,Divestment of Closures business
implications of which will be considered and built into future,
cash flow assumptions. Any change to the Group's strategy,"On 31 January 2025, the Group completed the sale of its"
around climate change and the circular economy could impact,"aluminium closure operations located in Adelaide, South"
these forecasts and assumptions.,Australia.
"Future changes in the Group's climate change strategy, global",The net loss on disposal before tax of $19.1 million ($13.4 million
"regulatory requirements and expectations of customers, investors",after-tax) has been recognised and is presented in ‘profit from
and the communities the Group operates within may impact the,"discontinued operations, net of tax’ in the income statement."
Group's significant judgements and estimates and may result in,Refer note to 6.1 for further details of the divestment.