=== Page 4 ===
About this report
Origin’s 2025 Sustainability Report outlines how we are working towards our ambition to lead 
the energy transition through cleaner energy and customer solutions, focusing on our material 
sustainability-related topics. 
Reporting frameworks
We are preparing to report against the mandatory 
Australian Sustainability Reporting  Standards AASB 
S2 Climate-related Disclosures  from FY26.
In FY25, we continue to report against the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
recommendations. Our TCFD index outlines where to 
find our TCFD disclosures in our reporting suite. 
Our sustainability reporting follows the SASB 
Standards and references the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) 2021 Standards. See our SASB index  
and GRI content index for more information.Environmental, social and governance (ESG) ratingsReporting frameworksProgress on our Climate Transition Action Plan
We published our first Climate Transition Action Plan 
in 2022 and provide annual updates on our progress 
in our Sustainability Report (for this year’s update, see 
pages  17–24). 
This year we released our second Climate Transition 
Action Plan, which reaffirms our 2030 emissions 
reduction targets and long-term ambition to be net 
zero for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2050, and 
reflects  developments since our first action plan. 
 Read our Climate Transition Action Plan
How we report our greenhouse gas emissions
We report our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions on 
both an equity and operational control basis. Emissions 
reported on an equity basis relate to assets we own, 
including our generation fleet, and proportional 
emissions from equity investments – for example, 
Origin’s  equity interest share of Australia Pacific 
LNG, which includes the downstream operations 
and non-operated assets. Our emissions reduction 
targets use equity emissions. Our operational control emissions are those from our 
operated assets, including our generation fleet and  
100 per cent of the upstream operations at Australia 
Pacific LNG. See About our reporting for more 
information on how we report emissions.
UN Sustainable Development Goals
Our policies and actions contribute to several of the 
United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals. 
We have  mapped these throughout the report and 
outlined our supporting actions on our website .
Assurance
EY has provided limited assurance on certain GHG 
emissions and other metrics in this report. Its limited 
assurance statement  includes a list of the data assured.
Report feedback
We welcome your thoughts and feedback. 
 Email us at originsustainability@origin.com.au
1  The use by Origin Energy of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (MSCI) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index 
names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Origin Energy by MSCI. MSCI services and data are 
the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided as-is and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks 
of MSCI.
2  As of November 2024, Origin received an ESG Risk Rating of 34.3 from Morningstar Sustainalytics and was assessed to be at high risk of experiencing 
material financial impacts from ESG factors.
FTSE4Good 
2004–2025
MSCI ESG's 
BBB RATING 1
Sustainalytics 2  
ESG Risk 
Rating 34.32
Our reporting suite
Origin’s corporate reporting suite describes how we are managing material 
risks and opportunities, and provides a summary of our financial, operating 
and sustainability  performance.
2025 Industry 
Association  Review  
Reviews our industry association 
memberships and their respective 
positions on climate change and 
climate-related policies.
  Read the reviewSustainability Management 
Approaches
Describe our policies on and 
approach to managing key 
sustainability-related aspects 
of our business. These are 
referenced throughout this report.
   Read about our approach2025 Annual Report 
Details our financial and 
operating performance and 
discloses climate-related risks 
and opportunities, including 
presenting quantified 1.5°C 
climate scenarios.
  Read the reportCustomers 
management approach
We strive to create 
value for our customers 
by fostering a culture 
that puts them at the 
centre of our decisions 
and actions.As a leading retailer of essential services, 
Origin provides customers with a range 
of products and solutions to power 
and connect homes, businesses and 
communities. Our focus is on delivering 
great customer experiences and striving 
to provide affordable, reliable and cleaner 
energy as we transition to a low-
carbon world.
Developing superior 
customer solutions
Leading customer experience and 
satisfaction is central to our strategy. We 
aim to be Australia’s most loved energy 
retailer, supporting customers through the 
energy transition.
In 2020, Origin entered a strategic 
partnership with UK-based energy retailer 
and technology business Octopus Energy. 
We own a 22.7 per cent interest in the 
company and hold a perpetual licence to 
its customer technology platform, Kraken, 
in Australia.
Kraken delivers benefits for our customers 
by providing a single point of service, 
simplified processes and the ability to 
integrate services into a single account. 
Customers are serviced by small teams 
of energy specialists, each accountable 
for providing end-to-end service for their 
unique customer base.
We are focused on engaging with our 
customers using the channels they prefer. 
Customers can contact Origin and manage 
their account via the My Account portal 
on our website, our app, online chat, 
social apps, phone or email. A telephone 
interpreter service is available in multiple 
languages. Our My Business Account 
digital portal offers business customers 
instant access to bills, meter data and 
customised reports and analytics.
To make purchasing and managing essential 
services in homes and businesses as easy as 
possible, we are working to make Origin a 
one-stop shop. This includes products and 
services such as broadband, and energy 
plans with home emergency support.Customer satisfaction
We continually monitor customer 
experience, using several performance 
measures to review and improve how 
we work. We report on key metrics 
as part of our annual sustainability and 
financial reporting. The Origin Board 
reviews customer experience performance 
and receives regular reports on customer 
complaints, including their drivers and 
actions taken to reduce these complaints.
We use the Customer Happiness Index 
(CHI) as a key measure of customer 
satisfaction, where customers are asked to 
rate their interaction with us. The CHI score 
is tracked down to the individual team level 
and reviewed with teams weekly to evaluate 
and improve performance.
We also track our Strategic Net Promoter 
Score (NPS). Electricity customers from 
a range of providers are asked to rate 
the likelihood of them recommending 
their electricity provider to family and 
friends. This helps us understand how our 
customers feel about their experience with 
us and provides a benchmark for measuring 
Origin’s performance against competitors.
Customer ratings and reviews play an 
increasingly important role in shaping 
consumer purchasing decisions. We 
actively monitor, respond to and encourage 
customers to rate us on product review 
sites such as Google, Trustpilot and 
Product Review.
Insights and feedback
We use our customer insights panel, 
Origin Exchange, to gather feedback and 
ensure we consider customer experiences 
and views in our business decisions. 
Almost 8,000 customers have joined the 
panel, providing insights and feedback 
on a range of projects in development, 
from reviewing web pages to end-to-end 
customer experiences relating to new 
product propositions. We also collate and 
analyse verbatim feedback received in our 
call centres.
We engage with consumer groups via 
our Consumer Advocacy Panel, which is 
chaired by the Executive General Manager, 
Retail, and meets approximately every four 
months. The forum provides an opportunity 
for Origin to share insights on how we are 2025 
Annual Report
2025 Corporate 
Governance  Statement  
Summarises our corporate 
governance practices, including 
how we manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
  Find out more2025 Modern 
Slavery  Statement 
Outlines our processes for 
identifying, assessing, and 
addressing the risk of modern 
slavery in our operations and 
supply chain, and actions taken.
  Read our StatementCorporate 
Governance 
Statement 
For the year ended 30 June 20252025 Modern Slavery  
Statement
Indus try Association 
Review
August 20252025 Sustainability Report  
Outlines how we are working 
towards our ambition to lead the 
energy transition through cleaner 
energy and customer solutions, 
focusing on our material 
sustainability-related topics.
  Read the reportSustainability  
Performance Data
Includes our sustainability 
performance data for the past 
five years.
  View the data2025 
Sustainability Report
2025 Sustainability 
Performance Data
For the year ended 30 June 2025
Origin Energy
Sustainability Report 20253Overview Planet Customers Communities Our people
For personal use only

=== Page 5 ===
A message from our CEO
Getting energy right 
for our customers, 
communities 
and planet
It is a pleasure to present Origin’s 
2025 Sustainability Report.
Sustainability sits at the heart of our 
purpose of ‘Getting energy right 
for our customers, communities 
and planet’, and through this report 
we are pleased to provide an update 
on the progress we have achieved 
in the past year.
There were many highlights in FY25 
for which we can be proud, as we 
gained momentum in executing 
our strategy and supporting 
our ambition to lead the energy 
transition through cleaner energy 
and customer solutions. Among 
them are strong organic growth 
in customer accounts as we 
continued our relentless focus on 
delivering great service, products 
and value; significant progress on 
our large-scale battery projects 
and the Yanco Delta Wind Farm 
development project; and our 
community investments in regional 
and First Nations procurement 
and contributions through the 
Origin  Foundation. 
The market context 
Our progress came within the 
context of a dynamic global energy 
landscape, with geopolitical events, 
technological advances, and shifting 
consumer expectations. The energy 
transition continues to move forward 
with the rollout of renewables, 
and transmission and firming 
infrastructure, which is helping to 
lower emissions from energy supply 
– a critical factor in combatting 
climate change and achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
However, this transition is also 
creating challenges: the staggering 
level of investment occurring and 
the increased volatility we are seeing 
in the energy market is impacting 
energy affordability for customers, 
while energy security and reliability 
has become a greater focus.
In Australia, despite good progress 
there remains significant work to 
be done to advance the energy 
transition. There are pressures 
on project costs and delivery 
timeframes, and in some instances 
securing the necessary community 
and landholder support has been 
challenging, particularly for 
transmission projects. This has 
contributed to projects not coming 
online fast enough to enable the 
retirement of the nation’s aging 
fleet of coal-fired power stations, 
including our Eraring Power Station. 
Governments play an important 
role in facilitating progress on the 
energy transition consistent with our 
nation’s goals, and addressing some 
of the challenges it is creating. Origin 
continues to work constructively 
with governments at all levels and as 
an advocate for energy policy that 
is consistent with the goals of the 
Paris Agreement, encourages private 
investment, and delivers good 
outcomes for customers and the 
market at least cost. 
We welcome the National Electricity 
Market (NEM) Wholesale Market 
Settings Review in this context. 
A fundamental priority for the review 
must be to deliver an enduring framework that can drive market -led 
investment in the right mix of 
technologies necessary for reliable 
electricity supply at least cost, 
avoiding the need for government 
interventions while supporting 
further growth in renewables. 
Similarly, the wide-ranging review 
underway of key gas market policies 
is an important opportunity to 
reduce complexity in the regulatory 
framework, and provide certainty to 
the market that enables investment 
to underpin secure and affordable 
domestic supply into the future.
Reaffirming our emissions 
reduction targets 
While achieving timely progress 
on the energy transition remains a 
significant challenge in the Australian 
market, we have reaffirmed our 2030 
emissions reduction targets and 
long-term ambition to be net zero for 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2050 
in our second Climate Transition 
Action Plan. The plan will be put to 
a non-binding shareholder advisory 
vote at Origin’s Annual General 
Meeting on 15 October 2025.
In this report, we review our 
emissions performance and provide 
an update on our actions towards 
decarbonising our business. In FY25, 
our total Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 
were 45.1 Mt CO2-e, consistent 
with FY24. Our Scope 1 emissions 
from Eraring Power Station, the 
largest contributor to Origin’s 
emissions, were 13.5 Mt CO2-e, 
also consistent with FY24. We note 
that Origin’s emissions reductions 4
are unlikely to be linear, and this is, 
in part, because the largest factor 
in achieving our 2030 emissions 
targets will be the retirement of 
coal-fired power operations at the 
Eraring Power Station. For now, the 
Eraring Power Station remains critical 
energy infrastructure in New South 
Wales given it still meets up to 25 
per cent of the state’s power needs 
and underpins secure, reliable and 
affordable supply.
In May 2024, we agreed with the 
NSW Government to delay the 
scheduled closure of coal-fired 
operations at Eraring to August 2027, 
with the plant to retire in full no later 
than April 2029. Security, reliability 
and affordability of energy supply 
for customers remains paramount, 
as we plan for the plant’s retirement 
from the market. Support for our 
people also remains a central pillar 
of our planning, particularly through 
our employee transition program, 
Future Directions. Our $5 million 
Eraring Community Investment 
Fund continues to invest locally in 
key areas, committing more than 
$400,000 in FY25 towards a total 
of $1.36 million spent to date. 
Renewables and 
cleaner  energy 
We have made significant strides 
in growing renewables and 
storage in our portfolio, including 
securing transmission rights 
for the Yanco Delta Wind Farm 
development project in NSW, and 
with construction of large-scale 
batteries progressing on schedule at 
Eraring and Mortlake power stations, 
along with additional storage 
offtake  contracts.
We recognise that the development 
of renewable energy infrastructure 
– such as wind and solar – can 
have significant impacts on local 
communities. Our dedicated 
community engagement 
representatives are actively liaising 
with key stakeholders, including local 
councils, landowners, neighbours, 
Traditional Owners, and other 
local interest groups, to listen to 
their concerns, work together on 
mitigants and keep them informed 
on proposed  development plans.
As Australia’s largest energy 
retailer, we are proud to provide our 
customers with a broad portfolio 
of simple and affordable cleaner 
energy solutions to help them manage their emissions and energy 
costs. We support customers to 
electrify their homes, by connecting 
them to products like rooftop 
solar and battery storage, electric 
vehicle (EV) subscriptions and 
charging solutions, and demand 
management and optimisation 
through our Virtual Power Plant, 
Origin Loop, which has grown to 
1,454 MW capacity across more 
than 393,000 connected assets. 
Origin Zero, which supports our 
large business customers, offers 
a range of solutions, including an 
energy insights and optimisation 
platform, EV fleet and charging 
services, commercial solar and 
battery energy storage systems, 
and broader energy  optimisation 
and electrification support. 
Supporting our customers 
and communities
We believe all Australians should 
have access to affordable energy and 
we strive to deliver a great customer 
experience. Where we fall short, we 
seek to learn and improve through 
better processes and training. In 
FY25, we have kept a focus on 
protecting our customers facing 
financial hardship, spending around 
$38 million in support. To contribute 
to advocacy for customers subject to 
family and domestic violence (FDV), 
we also became a founding member 
of One Generation, Australia’s first 
cross  sector business alliance aiming 
to end FDV within a generation.
In this report, we highlight our 
actions to invest in community 
projects that address issues and 
concerns identified by local 
communities. This includes 
work in the Western Downs and 
Maranoa areas to identify and 
support strategies for access to 
childcare, which has become 
increasingly  challenging.
This year, more than $4 million 
was contributed to the community 
through the Origin Foundation, 
which funds organisations 
working to create equal education 
opportunities for First Nations and 
regional students, and provide 
access to STEM education. The 
Foundation’s volunteering program 
remains a source of great pride for 
our organisation, with our people 
donating 9,500 hours to community 
partners and helping more than 
8,000 students.Our people
We are a purpose-led and 
values -driven business, aiming to 
create a workplace where all our 
people feel included, respected, 
and safe at work. In FY25 our Total 
Recordable Injury Frequency Rate 
(TRIFR) increased to 4.4, from 4.1 
in FY24. Our aim is to eliminate 
serious incidents and we conducted 
comprehensive reviews on all 
actual serious and high-potential 
incidents to support continuous 
learning and drive actions that 
strengthen the safety and wellbeing 
of our workforce.
We remain committed to promoting 
and supporting diversity and 
inclusion, embracing and celebrating 
differences across our workforce 
to help us make better business 
decisions and support Origin’s 
success. This year, we maintained 
40 per cent female representation in 
two of our four leadership cohorts, 
with representation in senior 
leadership roles down to 38.3 per 
cent, from 44.2 per cent in FY24. 
This report outlines opportunities 
to build gender-balanced talent 
pipelines and foster inclusive 
workplace cultures.
Conclusion
It is an incredibly exciting time 
in energy with so much change 
before us, and we remain focused 
on what we need to do to be 
successful in the years ahead. 
We must deliver on our ambitious 
2030 emissions reduction targets, 
progress our renewables and storage 
development projects to increase 
cleaner energy in our portfolio, 
continue providing reliable energy 
to Australians through our power 
generation and natural gas assets, 
and keep meeting our customers’ 
expectations for great service and 
cleaner, affordable energy solutions. 
But our work also creates challenges 
and impacts our stakeholders and 
the environment and this must be 
balanced carefully alongside our 
progress. We understand that our 
success ultimately depends on our 
ability to deliver good outcomes for 
our customers, communities, people 
and the planet. 
Frank Calabria
Chief Executive OfficerOrigin Energy
Sustainability Report 20255Overview Planet Customers Communities Our people
For personal use only