=== Table 1 (page 2) ===
About this report,Forward-looking statements involve subjective
,judgment and analysis and are subject to significant
This FY2025 Sustainability Report has been prepared,"uncertainties, risks and contingencies including those"
by Paladin Energy Ltd (Paladin or the Company) and,"risk factors associated with the mining industry, many"
provides information about our performance in material,"of which are outside the control of, change without"
sustainability topics from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025.,"notice, and may be unknown to Paladin. These risks"
Paladin’s FY2025 Sustainability Report continues our,and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ
evolution in reporting on the sustainability topics that,from Paladin’s current expectations and include but
are most material to our business and stakeholders.,are not limited to the risks described in Paladin’s 2025
,Annual Report under “Risk Management & Material
Paladin aims to provide our stakeholders with the,
,"Business Risks"" and risks described in Paladin's Annual"
necessary information to make informed decisions,
,"Information Form under ""Risk Factors""."
"regarding our sustainability risks and opportunities,",
and our progress in addressing relevant material,"Although at the date of this report, Paladin believes"
sustainability topics. This report also includes Paladin’s,the expectations expressed in such forward-looking
progress in preparing climate-related disclosures to,"statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such"
meet the mandatory Australian Sustainability Reporting,statements are not guarantees of future performance
Standard (AASB S2) at the end of FY2026.,and actual results or developments may differ materially
,from the expectations expressed in such forward-
The report has been approved for release by Paladin’s,
,looking statements due to a range of factors including
Board of Directors.,
,(without limitation) fluctuations in commodity prices
,"and exchange rates, exploitation and exploration"
Scope,
,"successes, permitting and development issues, political"
"The scope of this report includes Paladin, and its",risks including the impact of political instability on
controlled entities* (the Group). It provides information,"economic activity and uranium supply and demand,"
"relating to our operations in Namibia, Canada and","Indigenous Nations engagement, climate risk, operating"
"Australia. References to ""we"" and ""our"" refer to Paladin","hazards, natural disasters, severe storms and other"
and the Group.,"adverse weather conditions, shortages of skilled labour"
,"and construction materials, equipment and supplies,"
"On 24 December 2024, Paladin acquired Fission",
,"regulatory concerns, continued availability of capital and"
Uranium Corp. (Fission). Fission is now a wholly owned,
,"financing and general economic, market or business"
"subsidiary of Paladin. Subsequent to year end, Fission",
,conditions and risk factors associated with the uranium
was renamed as Paladin Canada Inc. and its holding,
,industry generally. There can be no assurance that
company was renamed to Paladin Canada Holdings,
,forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate.
Inc. This Report covers the entire FY2025 for all entities,
referenced and includes sustainability-related data and,Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-
information relating to the former Fission activities that,"looking statements, and should rely on their own"
form part of our Patterson Lake South (PLS) Project,"independent enquiries, investigations and advice"
and associated exploration. Paladin Canada refers to,regarding information contained in this report. Any
Paladin’s operations and activities undertaken by its,reliance by a reader on the information contained
Canadian controlled entities. Further information about,in this report is wholly at the reader’s own risk. The
our entities is presented in the FY2025 Annual Report.,forward-looking statements in this report relate only
,to events or information as of the date on which the
We are committed to reporting information in a way that,
,statements are made. Paladin does not assume any
aligns with the globally recognised standards of the,
,obligation to update or revise its forward-looking
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability,
,"statements, whether as a result of new information,"
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards and,
,"future events or otherwise. No representation, warranty,"
demonstrates our preparation for compliance with the,
,"guarantee or assurance (express or implied) is made,"
Australian mandatory requirements for climate-related,
,"or will be made, that any forward-looking statements"
"disclosures (AASB S2). In addition, Paladin continues to",
,will be achieved or will prove to be correct. Except for
work towards achievement of the International Finance,
,"statutory liability which cannot be excluded, Paladin,"
Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards.,
,"its officers, employees and advisers expressly disclaim"
Detailed Performance Data for FY2025 is provided in,any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness
"the Appendices to this report. Where applicable, other",of the material contained in this report and exclude
sustainability standards and frameworks have been,all liability whatsoever (including negligence) for any
"considered and incorporated as appropriate, including",loss or damage which may be suffered by any person
Modern Slavery requirements.,as a consequence of any information in this report or
,any error or omission therefrom. Except as required
This report forms part of our annual reporting suite,
,"by law or regulation, Paladin accepts no responsibility"
and is intended to be read in conjunction with Paladin’s,
,"to update any person regarding any inaccuracy,"
2025 Annual Report and 2025 Corporate Governance,
,omission or change in information in this report or
"Statement, available at www.paladinenergy.com.au.",
,"any other information made available to a person, nor"
"Unless otherwise stated, metrics are reported on a",
,any obligation to furnish the person with any further
100% basis. All figures in USD unless otherwise noted.,
,"information. Nothing in this report will, under any"
,"circumstances, create an implication that there has"
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking,
,been no change in the affairs of Paladin since the date
Statements,
,of this report.
This report contains certain “forward-looking statements”,
within the meaning of Australian securities laws and,Assurance
“forward-looking information” within the meaning of,
,Paladin is preparing to comply with the legislative
Canadian securities laws (collectively referred to in this,
,requirements in Australia for mandatory climate-related
report as forward-looking statements). All statements in,
,reporting from FY2026. Paladin will seek limited
"this report, other than statements of historical or present",
,assurance from our auditor for the information Paladin
"facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may",
,discloses in our mandatory sustainability report for
be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as,
,FY2026 with respect to the AASB S2 standards on
"“anticipate”, “expect”, “likely”, “propose”, “will”, “intend”,",
,"governance, strategy (risks and opportunities) and"
"“should”, “could”, “may”, “believe”, “forecast”, “estimate”,",
,Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
"“target”, “outlook”, “guidance” and other similar expressions.",
"*  ""Controlled entities"" refer to entities which are not wholly owned by the Company or its subsidiaries but which are controlled, directly or",
"indirectly, by the Company, being Langer Heinrich Mauritius Holdings Limited and Langer Heinrich Uranium (Pty) Ltd.",

=== Table 2 (page 55) ===
Metrics and targets
GHG emissions
Managing energy consumption and GHG emissions is a key
priority for Paladin as we remain focused on our climate-
related risks and opportunities. We actively monitor transition
risks associated with energy and emissions regulations and
have adopted a proactive approach to resource efficiency and
energy planning.
"At the LHM, energy consumption occurs during uranium"
mining and processing. The primary energy consumers are
"fuel-fired heating, electrical power requirements and automotive"
fuel usage. Scope 1 (direct) emissions are primarily driven by
on-site fuel-fired heating and automotive diesel for mining and
support services. Scope 2 (indirect) emissions are driven by
"the quantum of power purchased from NamPower, Namibia’s"
national power utility.
"In FY2025, our estimated absolute Scope 1 emissions totalled"
"67,253 metrics tons of CO2 equivalent (tonnes CO2e) and"
"our Scope 2 emissions totalled 15,409 tonnes CO2e. FY2025"
Scope 1 and 2 emissions represent a 254% and 239% increase
over FY2024.
The increase is attributed to operation at the LHM for the full
"financial period, operational ramp up and commencement of"
mining activities.
"At the LHM, Paladin employs digital technologies for tracking"
"of Scope 1 and 2 emissions, with Scope 3 emissions tracking"
in development. This complements our existing digital platform
used for metallurgical accounting and production reporting. The
Scope 1 and 2 emissions accounting is conducted in accordance
with the GHG Protocol framework.
Developing climate-related targets
"In FY2026, Paladin will continue the work to develop a CTAP."
Our intention is to set short and long-term goals supported
by plans for our operations and locations. Our transition
planning will also include how we will adapt our activities and
"assets to the changing climate, and how Paladin can seize the"
opportunities of the global energy transition.