=== Page 2 ===
About this report
This FY2025 Sustainability Report has been prepared 
by Paladin Energy Ltd (Paladin or the Company) and 
provides information about our performance in material 
sustainability topics from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025.
Paladin’s FY2025 Sustainability Report continues our 
evolution in reporting on the sustainability topics that 
are most material to our business and stakeholders. 
Paladin aims to provide our stakeholders with the 
necessary information to make informed decisions 
regarding our sustainability risks and opportunities, 
and our progress in addressing relevant material 
sustainability topics. This report also includes Paladin’s 
progress in preparing climate-related disclosures to 
meet the mandatory Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standard (AASB S2) at the end of FY2026.
The report has been approved for release by Paladin’s 
Board of Directors.
Scope
The scope of this report includes Paladin, and its 
controlled entities* (the Group). It provides information 
relating to our operations in Namibia, Canada and 
Australia. References to "we" and "our" refer to Paladin 
and the Group.  
On 24 December 2024, Paladin acquired Fission 
Uranium Corp. (Fission). Fission is now a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Paladin. Subsequent to year end, Fission 
was renamed as Paladin Canada Inc. and its holding 
company was renamed to Paladin Canada Holdings 
Inc. This Report covers the entire FY2025 for all entities 
referenced and includes sustainability-related data and 
information relating to the former Fission activities that 
form part of our Patterson Lake South (PLS) Project 
and associated exploration. Paladin Canada refers to 
Paladin’s operations and activities undertaken by its 
Canadian controlled entities. Further information about 
our entities is presented in the FY2025 Annual Report.  
We are committed to reporting information in a way that 
aligns with the globally recognised standards of the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards and 
demonstrates our preparation for compliance with the 
Australian mandatory requirements for climate-related 
disclosures (AASB S2). In addition, Paladin continues to 
work towards achievement of the International Finance 
Corporation (IFC) Performance Standards. 
Detailed Performance Data for FY2025 is provided in 
the Appendices to this report. Where applicable, other 
sustainability standards and frameworks have been 
considered and incorporated as appropriate, including 
Modern Slavery requirements.
This report forms part of our annual reporting suite 
and is intended to be read in conjunction with Paladin’s 
2025 Annual Report and 2025 Corporate Governance 
Statement, available at www.paladinenergy.com.au.
Unless otherwise stated, metrics are reported on a 
100% basis. All figures in USD unless otherwise noted.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking 
Statements
This report contains certain “forward-looking statements” 
within the meaning of Australian securities laws and 
“forward-looking information” within the meaning of 
Canadian securities laws (collectively referred to in this 
report as forward-looking statements). All statements in 
this report, other than statements of historical or present 
facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may 
be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as 
“anticipate”, “expect”, “likely”, “propose”, “will”, “intend”, 
“should”, “could”, “may”, “believe”, “forecast”, “estimate”, 
“target”, “outlook”, “guidance” and other similar expressions.Forward-looking statements involve subjective 
judgment and analysis and are subject to significant 
uncertainties, risks and contingencies including those 
risk factors associated with the mining industry, many 
of which are outside the control of, change without 
notice, and may be unknown to Paladin. These risks 
and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ 
from Paladin’s current expectations and include but 
are not limited to the risks described in Paladin’s 2025 
Annual Report under “Risk Management & Material 
Business Risks" and risks described in Paladin's Annual 
Information Form under "Risk Factors".  
Although at the date of this report, Paladin believes 
the expectations expressed in such forward-looking 
statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such 
statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and actual results or developments may differ materially 
from the expectations expressed in such forward-
looking statements due to a range of factors including 
(without limitation) fluctuations in commodity prices 
and exchange rates, exploitation and exploration 
successes, permitting and development issues, political 
risks including the impact of political instability on 
economic activity and uranium supply and demand, 
Indigenous Nations engagement, climate risk, operating 
hazards, natural disasters, severe storms and other 
adverse weather conditions, shortages of skilled labour 
and construction materials, equipment and supplies, 
regulatory concerns, continued availability of capital and 
financing and general economic, market or business 
conditions and risk factors associated with the uranium 
industry generally. There can be no assurance that 
forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. 
Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, and should rely on their own 
independent enquiries, investigations and advice 
regarding information contained in this report. Any 
reliance by a reader on the information contained 
in this report is wholly at the reader’s own risk. The 
forward-looking statements in this report relate only 
to events or information as of the date on which the 
statements are made. Paladin does not assume any 
obligation to update or revise its forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise. No representation, warranty, 
guarantee or assurance (express or implied) is made, 
or will be made, that any forward-looking statements 
will be achieved or will prove to be correct. Except for 
statutory liability which cannot be excluded, Paladin, 
its officers, employees and advisers expressly disclaim 
any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness 
of the material contained in this report and exclude 
all liability whatsoever (including negligence) for any 
loss or damage which may be suffered by any person 
as a consequence of any information in this report or 
any error or omission therefrom. Except as required 
by law or regulation, Paladin accepts no responsibility 
to update any person regarding any inaccuracy, 
omission or change in information in this report or 
any other information made available to a person, nor 
any obligation to furnish the person with any further 
information. Nothing in this report will, under any 
circumstances, create an implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of Paladin since the date 
of this report. 
Assurance
Paladin is preparing to comply with the legislative 
requirements in Australia for mandatory climate-related 
reporting from FY2026. Paladin will seek limited 
assurance from our auditor for the information Paladin 
discloses in our mandatory sustainability report for 
FY2026 with respect to the AASB S2 standards on 
governance, strategy (risks and opportunities) and 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
* "Controlled entities" refer to entities which are not wholly owned by the Company or its subsidiaries but which are controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company, being Langer Heinrich Mauritius Holdings Limited and Langer Heinrich Uranium (Pty) Ltd.

=== Page 4 ===
Dear Shareholders
FY2025 was a transformative year for Paladin in many ways, 
including the implementation of our sustainability strategy. It is 
important that shareholders have an opportunity to appreciate 
how the expansion in Paladin’s activities and resources during 
the year significantly and positively impacted our sustainability 
efforts, both operationally and at a corporate level. 
The ramp up of operations and uranium production at our Langer 
Heinrich Mine (LHM) has resulted in increased organisational 
capacity, further employment, increasing engagement with 
local suppliers and key stakeholders, and the expansion of our 
community investment program. It was pleasing to achieve 
record production in the final quarter of the year, while also 
seeing high levels of local employment, and overwhelmingly 
positive results from our support for community infrastructure 
ranging from ambulances to a cancer treatment clinic.
While the operational ramp up activity was underway in 
Namibia, the acquisition of Fission Uranium Corp. (now known 
as Paladin Canada) in December 2024 brought the high-quality 
Patterson Lake South (PLS) Project and other exploration assets 
in the Athabasca Region of Canada into our global portfolio. 
This acquisition, with first production targeted to occur in 2031, 
also established for Paladin a new operating jurisdiction with 
its unique environments and stakeholders, particularly local 
Indigenous Peoples. We are working on specific sustainability 
plans for our activities in Canada to support our long-term goals 
and look forward to demonstrating these in action over the 
coming years.
Most importantly, the ramp up of the LHM and integration  
of the PLS Project confirmed that we are on the way to  
achieving our strategic goal of establishing a multi-decade 
uranium production pipeline to support global growth in nuclear 
energy capacity.
Throughout FY2025, the sophistication and development of our 
long-term sustainability strategy continued to grow, while we 
maintained our focus on our near term sustainability goals. It has 
been encouraging and satisfying to see sustainability increasingly 
embedded in our business activities and decision-making. 
The publication of this message from key representatives of 
Paladin’s Board and executive leadership is a demonstration of 
our integrated focus on, and commitment to our sustainability 
strategy, governance, compliance and implementation.Message from our CEO and 
Sustainability and Governance 
Committee Chair 
Paladin has developed a sustainability strategy and framework 
which defines long-term goals that align with our business 
strategy and the interests of our stakeholders. By implementing 
our strategy and achieving our goals we aim to strengthen 
existing LHM operations, de-risk the PLS Project development, 
and create long-term value for stakeholders through our 
business activities. We will also keep building our reputation as a 
leading producer in the uranium sector, one that customers and 
governments wish to engage with. Our sustainability strategy 
strengthens our social licence to operate, wherever we operate.
The global focus on mitigating the impacts of climate change, 
including establishing and achieving a range of international and 
national climate-related targets, means it sometimes appears that 
the primary goal of sustainability efforts is to meet the challenges 
of decarbonisation. While there is a growing focus on climate 
change reporting, our sustainability strategy is multi-faceted and 
addresses activities ranging from our local environmental and 
employment responsibilities to our international role helping to 
establish resilient low-carbon economies.
Paladin has a unique contribution to make to global decarbonisation 
efforts because of the uranium we produce. By producing U3O8 
for nuclear energy we have an impact on global decarbonisation 
that is proportionally more significant for a group our size than 
many equivalent organisations. 
Within our operations, Paladin’s three-year climate change 
roadmap has been significantly progressed during FY2025 by 
comprehensively evolving the climate risk and opportunities 
assessment and performing a gap analysis against the 
Australian mandatory climate-related disclosures criteria. The 
focus for FY2026 will be on aligning to Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) requirements and progressing our 
Greenhouse Gas emission roadmap.
Meeting the global challenge of decarbonisation must not 
come with unacceptable local impacts. The Paladin team 
fundamentally believes mining can be performed sustainably, 
responsibly, ethically, and in line with relevant laws, values and 
customs of the nations in which we operate.
Within Paladin, safety is of utmost importance, and we were 
pleased that our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate 
(TRIFR) improved year-on-year to 2.7 per million hours (from 
3.8 the previous year) without serious injury or fatality. Having 
established a strong safety performance during the LHM Restart 
Project and first full year of production, we are now focused 
on further continuous improvement over this early success. 
PALADIN ENERGY LTD SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
2