=== Page 20 ===
17
Material issue Issues considered FY25 achievements
Governance
Ethics and 
valuesThe importance of 
having a culture where 
strong governance, 
risk management, and 
compliance polices, 
processes and actions 
are understood and 
prioritised ■Plenti’s values guide the decision ‑making responsibilities of directors, senior 
executives and employees. 
 ■Core Plenti values of ‘Think like a customer’ and ‘Do what’s right’ foster a culture of 
acting in the best interests of borrowers and investors, whilst also adhering to relevant 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
 ■Structured company awards program that recognises and celebrates employees who 
showcase Plenti’s values.
 ■Consistent communication of values throughout the organisation and to broader 
stakeholders through bi ‑monthly town hall meetings and internal employee 
communications, as well as Plenti’s website and social media channels.
Transparency 
and complianceThe importance of 
financial service 
businesses in 
complying with their 
legal and regulatory 
obligations for the 
benefit of stakeholders  ■Comprehensive compliance plan is in place to support the fulfilment of all applicable 
legal and regulatory obligations.
 ■Employees are required to complete mandatory compliance training to help ensure 
awareness of key obligations relevant to their role. 
 ■Engagement of external consultant in FY25 to review and make recommendations in 
relation to Plenti’s compliance structure and framework.
Enterprise risk 
management The governance, legal, 
regulatory, operational 
and other non-financial 
risks associated with 
operating a diverse, 
regulated financial 
services business ■Engaged external consultants to identify the areas of compliance required to meet the 
new mandatory climate reporting standard on climate ‑related risks and opportunities. 
 ■Ongoing efforts to strengthen a culture of continuous improvement by embedding 
incident learnings, enhancing action management, and improving risk insights. 
 ■Uplifted Plenti’s control assurance capabilities, including conducting periodic testing of 
risk controls, to gain valuable insights that inform strategic risk decisions.
 ■Expansion of Plenti’s real ‑time risk incident dashboards to provide data ‑driven risk 
insights, enabling timely interventions and consistent monitoring of risk factors 
across the business. 
 ■Continued to develop a proactive risk culture through strengthened accountability, 
improved risk visibility, and clearer ownership—underpinned by better incident 
reporting and alignment of leadership incentives. 
Looking ahead 
Building on a strong foundation of 
responsible growth and stakeholder 
engagement, Plenti remains committed 
to advancing its sustainability strategy 
by deepening its focus on key 
environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) priorities.
In the year ahead, we will continue to 
embed sustainability considerations 
into our operations, lending practices, 
and partnerships. This involves building 
on our strong ESG foundation whilst 
continuing to pursue opportunities to 
deepen ESG integration by advancing 
the following initiatives:
 ■Promote green finance solutions that 
contribute to a low ‑carbon future.
 ■Fostering a diverse and inclusive 
workplace, with an emphasis 
on leadership and workforce 
representation. 
 ■Continue to invest in employee 
wellbeing initiatives and development 
programs that support our people 
both professionally and personally. ■Drive greater community financial 
empowerment by delivering fair, 
accessible financial solutions and 
supporting customers experiencing 
hardship or vulnerability with 
tailored support and responsible 
lending practices. 
 ■Strengthen our ethical frameworks 
and reinforce a culture of integrity 
by continuing to uphold rigorous 
standards in compliance, reporting, 
and enterprise risk management. 
Mandatory climate reporting 
The introduction of the mandatory 
AASB S2 climate reporting 
requirements marked the most 
significant development in ESG 
reporting during FY25, impacting 
both Plenti and the broader Australian 
corporate landscape.
Effective as of the 1st of January 2025, 
Plenti is expected to fall under Group 2 
of the reporting threshold.
To ensure alignment to the standards 
disclosure requirements, we have 
partnered with Automic ESG to conduct 
a gap analysis and develop a structured 
and phased AASB S2 reporting 
compliance roadmap. As part of our proactive approach 
to these mandatory climate ‑related 
financial disclosures (AASB S2) we plan 
to undertake the following actions 
prior to the publication of our first 
‘Sustainability Report’ presented inside 
our 2028 Annual Report release: 
 ■Conduct a comprehensive gap 
analysis in partnership with Automic 
ESG to assess current alignment 
with AASB S2 and identify areas 
requiring enhancement.
 ■Develop a structured 
implementation plan informed by 
the gap analysis, outlining timelines, 
responsibilities, and key milestones to 
achieve compliance. 
 ■Integrate climate ‑related risks and 
opportunities into Plenti’s Enterprise 
Risk Management (ERM) framework, 
consistent with AASB S2 and IFRS 
S2 principles. 
 ■Perform a comprehensive GHG 
assessment (Scope 1 and 2) which 
follows the methodology outlined in 
the GHG Protocol.