=== Page 10 ===
Responsible Business Practices Build Trust 
& Deepen Our Relationships
We are proud to share highlights from our FY25 work program.
PeopleEngaging our 5,000+ 
global team 
We aim to create an environment 
that focuses on engagement – 
ensuring our people strive for 
excellence while prioritising 
their wellbeingBuilding retail careers 
We are proud to internally 
promote our team members 
across our store network, 
support office and DCBoosting wellbeing and 
safety leadership 
We conducted mental health 
first aid training for a group of 
regional managers and 
established dedicated Health 
and Safety committees for both 
Peter Alexander and Smiggle
PartnersEthical Sourcing
Ethical sourcing resources
We appointed dedicated ethical 
sourcing managers for both 
Peter Alexander and Smiggle 
to strengthen responsible 
sourcing practicesModern Slavery risk awareness
We maintained our partnership with LRQA to advance our ethical 
sourcing program and deepen insights into modern slavery risks in 
our supply chain
Community
Breast cancer fund raising 
We supported the National 
Breast Cancer Foundation, with 
our team raising over $22,000 
in FY25, and over $222,000 
over the course of our 
fundraising partnershipClothing donation 
We donated over 2,870 items 
in FY25, including to people 
in needSupporting 
vulnerable children 
We continued to provide 
Smiggle product donations 
to children in need
PlanetMeasuring emissions 
We continued measuring our 
primary suppliers' Greenhouse 
Gas EmissionsImproving data 
We continued to improve the 
accuracy of our packaging and 
waste data for APCO reportingClosing the loop 
We recycled over 2,565kg of 
soft plastic across our Premier 
owned Support Office and 
distribution centres
ProductResponsible fibre 
procurement 
We continued responsible 
fabric sourcing in our product 
ranges, including 92+ metric 
tonnes of Better Cotton, 
and investment in more traceable 
viscose sourcesRecycled Polyester 
We continued to source 
recycled polyester where 
possible into new rangesGlobal Organic 
Textile Standard
We remain committed to 
incorporating certified organic 
cotton where possible 
throughout our baby and 
junior collectionsOur commitment to ethical and responsible ways of working are 
embedded in our operations, supply chain and the communities in 
which we operate across the four strategic pillars set out below.
8
Annual Report 2025

=== Page 15 ===
We recognise our responsibility to ensure we have a positive impact on the 
environment and play our part in making better decisions in our sourcing 
and operations. 
Soft plastic recycling:
2,052 kg
Emissions 
avoided
2,565 kg
Soft plastic 
diverted
46%  
Building Film54%  
Plastoil
Coffee ground collection:
47%  
Home 
Gardens39%  
Melbourne 
Zoo13%  
Community 
Gardens
2,060 kg
Coffee diverted
3,914 kg
Emissions  
avoidedAs a signatory to the Australian Packaging Covenant 
(APCO), we continue to report annually on our waste 
management and packaging practices. Building on the 
work initiated last year, we have maintained our 
collaboration with a third party consultant to measure 
our packaging against APCO’s reporting requirements 
and enhance the accuracy and reliability of our data.  
We remain committed to implementing APCO’s 
recommendations and observations from our recent 
audit, further strengthening the integrity of our 
recognised certifications and underlying calculations. 
In the year ahead, we will continue these efforts, 
with a particular emphasis on training our teams in line 
with APCO's sustainable packaging guidelines.Planet
Our commitment to ongoing improvement includes focusing 
on increasing our understanding and impact of our sourcing 
and decision-making. In FY25 we continued making changes 
and improvements in the following areas: 
• Measuring our primary suppliers' Greenhouse Gas 
emissions in ERSA audits. So far over 58 sites have 
had data captured. Several sites are currently using 
renewable energy which will inform future projects and 
supplier requirements 
• Continued scoping the upcoming Climate Related Financial 
Disclosures legislation including short listing partners and 
software providers and designing an implementation plan 
to ensure future compliance. Further information around 
our Climate Related Financial Disclosures will be provided 
in next year’s Annual Report.
• All customer-facing shipper bags used in our online 
business are 100% recycled plastic 
• Continued use of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) 
certified paper and cardboard in our distribution centre 
and packaging 
• Reduced plastic bag usage by 48% in FY25, continuing 
our downward trend. Paper bags now make up 95% 
of total bags. We acknowledge the need for accelerated change in light 
of upcoming legislative requirements. Our work program 
will continue to adapt our policies and activities to ensure 
they meet the expectations of the suppliers and workers 
in our supply chain, our customer, team members and 
shareholders. 
Reground 
Our partnership with social enterprise Reground has 
continued in Premier Retail’s Melbourne support office 
and Premier’s owned Australian distribution centres. Both 
our coffee grounds and soft plastics are collected and are 
distributed or recycled into positive solutions. Soft plastic 
is recycled into building film or turned into innovative 
Plastoil, whilst coffee grounds are distributed to the 
Melbourne Zoo as well as home or community gardens. 
Through our partnership with Reground across all of our 
locations, we have recovered 4,625kg of resources, whilst 
avoiding 5,966 greenhouse gas emissions.
Premier Investments Limited    13

=== Page 16 ===
Our product ranges are evolving & improving to meet changing customer 
trends and values. 
We are on a journey of sourcing more responsible products across our brands in recognition of the social and environmental 
impacts that our purchasing decisions have. As the majority of our apparel products we sell are made from cotton, polyester or 
viscose fibres we are focussed on converting from the conventional fabrications to more responsible options. In FY25, our key 
initiatives with our product ranges included: 
Better Cotton membership
We partner with Better Cotton to improve cotton farming 
globally. Through its implementation partners, Better Cotton 
trains farmers to use water efficiently, care for soil health and 
natural habitats, reduce the use of harmful chemicals and 
respect workers' rights and wellbeing. In FY25, we sourced 
92+ metric tonnes of Better Cotton across Peter Alexander.
Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) 
Products sourced to the GOTS standard focus on a range of 
social and environmental metrics in relation to organic 
processing methods. Clothing produced under a GOTS 
certification must use a minimum of 95% organic cotton. 
Peter Alexander continues its commitment to GOTS for a 
selection of women's, junior and baby sleepwear. In the 
reporting period, 10% of infant, 3% of junior and 14% of 
women’s (maternity) ranges were sourced to the GOTS 
standard. 
Responsible Viscose Sourcing 
Our aim is to avoid untraceable sources of viscose and to 
ensure it doesn't come from endangered and ancient forests. 
LENZING™ ECOVERO™ and Birla Cellulose's Liva Eco™ are 
viscose fibres derived from certified renewable wood sources 
and made using more responsible production methods, both 
generating lower emissions and having a reduced water 
impact than traditional viscose. In the reporting period, Peter 
Alexander had a number of products which contained 
ECOVERO™ or Liva Eco™. 
Recycled Polyester 
We recognise the environmental impact of sourcing synthetic 
fibres derived from petroleum, such as polyester. Recycled 
polyester uses existing materials in the supply chain to help 
create new fabric. With a lower reliance on resources such as 
water and energy, these fabrics are less resource intensive 
than conventional polyester. In the reporting period, our 
teams continued to source recycled polyester where possible 
into new ranges. Cotton Pledge 
We do not condone the sourcing of cotton harvested from 
any region where state sanctioned forced labour regimes or 
where forced labour practices exist. 
Animal welfare 
We do not condone any form of animal cruelty. The following 
animal derived materials are banned from all our products 
– angora & other rabbit hair, fur, feathers and exotic skins.
Product
14
Annual Report 2025