=== Page 14 ===
PeopleIN  Limited  and its controlled entities  
ACN 615 173 076  
 
Directors’ Report  
For the year ended 30 June 2025  
 
Page | 8 
 While competition is ever present in our industry, we continue to differentiate our offering through strong 
customer service levels and diversity in the sectors we service. This diversity of industry  has ensured that 
revenue declines experienced are lower than our key competitors.  
Cybersecu rity is an ever- present risk to PeopleIN . The threat matrix and range of threat actors is extensive 
and varied. Building on recent experiences encountered  by larger groups , PeopleIN has developed and 
implemented a comprehensive Cybersecurity M anagement strateg y as an outcome from our ongoing 
external security review process. This includes complying with Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) 
Essential Eight guidance as well as deploying other strategies for managing our baseline security posture 
that are specifically relevant to our industry. 
PeopleIN also regularly considers the potential impact of global climate change on its business and the 
industries it supports. Changing weather conditions can impact the financial operations of the Group as 
seen with Cyclone Alfred , impacting c andidate  access  for extended periods. PeopleIN  ensures it has 
appropr iate financial buffers and reserves to limit the financial impact of any disruption as it may occur . 
Further, the Group is focussed  on improving its environmental impact, including via Timberwolf’s extensive 
land regeneration activities .  
In a broader sense, PeopleIN  assesses and reports on its key risks regularly, both as an executive team and 
at the board level, to ensure appropriate mitigation measures are in place.  The reporting depicts the risk, 
any mitigation measures and actions.   The above risks are part of our business operations and therefore 
relevant controls are in place to ensure that risk is reduced to within the risk appetite of the board.    
For the year ended 30 June 2026, PeopleIN  will be required to include new climate -related disclosures in 
the annual report as governed by ASRS 1 and 2. These include reporting on the Group’s carbon emissions 
and the impact of the changing environment may have on its operations. To date, a comprehensive 
assessment of key risks has  been conducted  ahead of its upcoming reporting obligations.  
Significant changes in state of affairs  
There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs during the financial year that could 
significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the 
Group in the future financial periods.  
Environmental legislation  
The Group ’s operations are not regulated by any significant environmental regulations under a law of the 
Commonwealth or of a state or territory of Australia . 
 
Dividends paid or recommended  202 5 202 4 
 $000  $000  
Dividends provided for or paid during the year    
Final fully franked dividend relating to 30 June 202 4 of nil (2023: 
7.0 cents) paid on 29 September 2023  - 7,198  
Interim fully franked dividend relating to 31 December 202 4 of nil 
cents per share (202 3: 3.0 cents) paid on 4 April 2024  - 3,119  
 - 10,317  
Since the end of the financial year, the directors have recommended  that no final ordinary dividend be paid.   
  PeopleIN  Limited  and its controlled entities  
ACN 615 173 076  
 
Directors’ Report  
For the year ended 30 June 2025  
 
Page | 7  
 Capital Management  
The Group has  continued to focus on cash collections  and reducing net debt across the Group. Despite 
lower earnings , the Group has been able to generate significant cash earnings per share. Together with an 
improved trading outlook , the Group has been able to implement a ‘dynamic capital management strategy’  
that balances the available levers of debt reduction , dividends, share buy -backs and acquisitions to 
generate shareholder value.  
The Board have as sessed several  different options to increase value to shareholders. While the Group has 
developed a history of making accretive acquisitions and increasing shareholder value, there remains 
divergence between the relative valuation of potential targets and that of PeopleIN . Therefore,  the Board  
have decided that the best option available to improv e shareholder returns , is the announcement of  an on -
market share buy -back of up to $ 6.0 million .  
The Board and management of the Group  continue to actively manage the Group to ensure that 
shareholder value is maximised over the long term.  
Future Prospects and Outlook  
While challenging economic conditions have persisted for the last two years , recent activity and certainty 
has helped to improve business confidence and operating conditions.  The combination of a tight labour 
market, low skilled migration  and the stimulus provided from Brisbane Olympic 2032 infrastructure and 
related projects are expected to lift economic activity  in South -East Queensland. PeopleIN is well placed 
to benefit from these opportunities . 
The Group transformation program  has ensured that the business has lifted its efficiency and capability , 
leveraging data, A I and automation to bring benefits to clients and shareholders . 
With  the Group focus on cash collections and financial management , significant improvements have been 
made to reduce net debt and strengthen the balance sheet. This has enabled the Group to move toward  a 
‘dynamic capital management strategy’ capitalising on opportunities  to generate additional shareholder 
return.  
Risks  
PeopleIN’s performance and prospects are  not without risks that  may impact the business . As a large 
recruitment and staffing business, material risks  are primarily  those that most impact the  labour market  
as these would ultimately have the largest effect on the financial prospects of the Group . These include; 
adverse changes  in the employment market, change in the regulatory environment, reliance on its 
industrial agreements , legislative change in how on- costs or benefits are assessed for its employees  and 
workplace health and safety . Further material business risks include; increase in competition, technology 
risks , cybersecurity  and climate change.  
The Group has experienced a significant change in economic conditions over the last two years . In 
response,  the Group has invested in technology and efficiency programs  to ensure the business is lean 
and agile  to withstand these challenges and respond effectively .  
Recent regulatory , industrial  and legislative  changes , while comprehensive, have not eased complexity  in 
this area . The impact of recent changes ha ve now been fully seen in the financial results of the Group , with 
particular impact in Industrial and Specialist Services . The Group  has  worked pro- actively with clients to 
effectively manage potential impacts  and actively engaged with Federal and State Governments together 
with industry groups to ensure that impacts are effectively managed . 
Our record on health and safety  has shown that we are a leading organisation in the labour hire market  in 
the management of health and safety risk. The management of this risk is  ongoing  due to the  scale of our 
employee numbers, diversity of industries we operate in and geographic disbursement of our work sites.  
Our  strong internal health and safety team ensures that this risk is managed on a constant basis .  
7 8
ANNUAL REPORT FY25