=== Page 16 ===
Performance against our commitments
Commitment Status FY25 progress More info
Grow our products and services that support a low 
carbon futureFunds defined as supporting a low carbon future had $1.03 billion outflows.    page 17
Carbon neutral operations FY24 carbon neutrality certification approved1.    page 17
100% renewably powered operations by FY25 Purchased renewable energy for global office energy consumption during the FY25 period.    page 22
Reduce energy intensity per full time equivalent (FTE) 
employee by one ‑third in Australian operated offices 
by FY30 (FY21 baseline)Reduced energy consumption in Australian offices during the FY25 period has seen a positive trend continued.    page 36
Require Greenstar or NABERS 5 star minimum for all 
future lease transactions in AustraliaSeveral small office leases throughout the year were below the 5 star rating, however tenancy rating uplift fit ‑outs 
are being explored2.   page 22
Reduce waste to landfill by 10% by FY26 in Australian 
offices (FY23 baseline)Progress continues with a reduction of waste to landfill.    page 36
Reduce paper purchased for printing in Australian 
offices by 50% by FY25 (FY21 baseline)Failed to achieve 50% reduction of FY21 baseline. Commitment was de ‑prioritised due to separation activities in advance of 
the KKR transaction and new operating model.   page 17
Align our Group reporting to the Taskforce on 
Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)Included TCFD section in FY24 Annual Report and Sustainability Report. We are progressing our climate ‑related 
financial disclosures to align with the mandatory disclosure requirements under AASB S2.   page 18
Measure and disclose carbon risk and financed 
emissions within our investments with a focus on 
equities and fixed income (corporate bonds)Measured and disclosed financed GHG metrics associated with the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our equity 
and fixed income (corporate bond) investments.   page 23
Climate change considered, where appropriate, 
as part of investment approachesApproaches to considering climate disclosed on our website .    page 21
1. Perpetual Group has exited the Climate Active program to focus on mandatory climate ‑related disclosure and ceased procuring carbon offsets for operational emissions pivoting to focus on mandatory climate reporting.
2. Subject to scalability, commercial cost and long ‑term impact.On track Not on track Achieved16
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People Communities Introduction Governance KPIs Planet

=== Page 21 ===
Considering climate as part of our investment processes
Each of our Asset Management and Wealth 
Management businesses has its own investment 
philosophy and approach to managing climate risk 
and opportunities for our clients.
For a description of the approach each of our 
Asset Management and Wealth Management 
businesses and brands takes to considering 
climate as part of investment approaches, see our 
website: perpetual.com.au/considering-climate-
as-part-of-our-investment-process /
As Asset Management and Wealth Management 
businesses have investment-autonomy within their 
respective investment teams, this translates to distinct 
approaches to managing climate-related risks on 
behalf our clients. This can take the form of applying 
carbon pricing, sensitivity and scenario analysis within 
the investment decision process. Examples of this are, 
the Barrow Hanley energy team applying discount 
rates when valuing energy and utilities holdings, and 
JO Hambro running investment portfolios through a 
proprietary probabilistic climate model which looks at 
three different scenarios.JO Hambro engages with Stantec –  
a leader in engineering services 
(notably in consulting on environmental 
and water management)
The engagement was focused on Stantec’s 
disclosure, encouraging the implementation 
of a comprehensive framework for impact 
measurement, climate resilience and Scope 3 
emissions reporting, and biodiversity assessments. 
JO Hambro had a constructive dialogue with the 
company, which will continue and they will be 
monitoring improvements in upcoming company 
reporting in the areas highlighted.Trillium engages with Alphabet (GOOG, 
GOOGL) an American multinational 
technology conglomerate 
In 2021, Alphabet announced it would reach net-zero 
GHG emissions, among other climate goals, by 2030. 
However, since that time Alphabet’s GHG emissions 
have increased – rising 13% higher in 2023 than the 
previous year and 48% higher than in 2019, primarily 
due to the increasing energy demands of its data 
centres. In June 2025, Trillium’s proposal asked Alphabet 
for greater transparency regarding how it will meet 
its ambitious 2030 GHG reduction targets given the 
significant growth in emissions resulting from its data 
centre operations. This vote received 8.2% (approximately 
24% of the non-insider vote) support from shareholders.
Read more in:  
Jo Hambro’s stewardship report
Read more in:  
Trillium's Q1 2025 Advocacy Impact Report
Barrow Hanley engages with Bank 
of Nova Scotia, a major Canadian 
multi-national bank
Barrow Hanley has communicated to the Bank 
of Nova Scotia that they would like to see a more 
ambitious and comprehensive climate transition plan, 
in response to the bank's 2023 strategic plan which 
set out their sustainability goals. They will continue 
monitoring the Bank of Nova Scotia’s progress against 
their transition plan.Case studies21
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People Communities Introduction Governance KPIs Planet

=== Page 22 ===
Metrics and targets
An assessment of the amount and percentage of assets 
or business activities vulnerable to climate-related 
transition and physical risks and opportunities has yet 
to be determined. This forms part of the ongoing scope 
of work being conducted in partnership with A&M and 
we will be able to articulate this in our next report. 
Operational emissions
As a global business, Perpetual Group is committed to 
reducing our own operational environmental footprint. 
Key to reducing our operational footprint is to collect 
and report our operational GHG emissions accurately. 
Our operational GHG emissions from FY25 are set out 
in chart 2.
We saw reductions across several operational 
emissions categories, largely driven by 
year-on-year improvements in emission factors1. 
For example, Scope 3 – Category 6 flight emissions 
decreased despite an increase in travel. Scope 2 
location-based emissions also declined, primarily due 
to behavioural changes linked to the Sydney office 
refurbishment and office space consolidation.Chart 2 – GHG emissions metrics for our operations in FY252
Scope Metric (unit TCO2e) FY25 FY243FY23
Scope 1 Direct GHG emissions from controlled sources450 3 43
Scope 2Electricity (location-based) 1,310 1,537 1,514
Electricity (market-based) 011335 242
Scope 3Total Scope 3 operational emissions5 15,156 19,672 22,120
Purchased goods and services68,955 10,356 9,111
Capital goods71,695 3,123 5,000
Fuel and energy-related activities8596 1,046 1,462
Upstream transportation and distribution9101 177 127
Waste generated in operations 128 140 314
Business travel 2,547 3,586 4,540
Employee commuting101,134 1,244 1,566
1. Examples are likely the result of location ‑based grid factors, advancements in aircraft technology, etc.
2. Based on operational control boundary setting approach.
3. Figures disclosed in GHG emissions metrics table in the FY24 Sustainability Report have been updated. 
The emission factors utilised for the prior report were supplied by Climate Active and were subsequently 
revised post publication due to errors in the supplied information by the Climate Active emissions factor 
provider. Operational emissions preparation can be found in our basis of preparation .
4. Includes direct GHG emissions from natural gas usage, fuel use and refrigerants.
5. Per our commitment to reach 100% renewable energy globally by FY25, our market ‑base Scope 2 emissions 
are zero, which is the result of purchasing relevant jurisdictional renewable energy certificates for our office 
energy consumption.
6. Based on location ‑based methodology.
7. For Scope 3 categories 1 and 2, a relevance test was undertaken based on the Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
Standard for Organisations to determine relevant emissions sources within those categories. The following 
sources were excluded based on that relevance test: Professional Services; Construction Materials and 
Services; Food; Cleaning and Chemicals and Newspapers, Journals and Periodicals. While Perpetual Group 
is no longer a member of the Climate Active Carbon Neutral program, the thoroughness of the testing and 
outcomes are still appropriate.8. For Scope 3 categories 1 and 2, a relevance test was undertaken based on the Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
Standard for Organisations to determine relevant emissions sources within those categories. The following 
sources were excluded based on that relevance test: Professional Services, Construction Materials and 
Services; Food; Cleaning and Chemicals; Newspapers, journals and periodicals. While Perpetual Group is 
no longer a member of the Climate Active Carbon Neutral program, the thoroughness of the testing and 
outcomes are still appropriate.
9. Based on location ‑based methodology.
10. Includes emissions related to couriers and postage.
11. In FY24, we improved our calculation methodology to calculate employee commuting by running an 
employee survey to capture information on the typical mode of transport and average commuting 
distances for our employees. In FY23, we had used commuting patterns including typical mode of transport 
and average commuting distances derived from Australian Bureau of Statistics data for Australia and linked 
to the number of FTE in every State within Australia, whereas for international locations, Australia average 
commuting patterns were used as a proxy.22
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People Communities Introduction Governance KPIs Planet

=== Page 23 ===
Metrics and targets
Financed emissions
This category of emissions relates to the GHG emissions 
associated with our equity and fixed income (corporate 
debt) investment holdings, held on behalf of our clients. 
This covers 79% of our total AUM as at 30 June 20251. 
These are not emissions from our operations, which are 
described on page 22 . 
For alignment to best practice, we expanded our 
financed emissions assessment to include Fixed 
Income (corporate bonds) and align with Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF). With 
this change, we have adjusted the methodology of 
assessment from market capitalisation to enterprise 
value in cash (EVIC). It enables comparability between 
asset classes. FY25 data in Chart 4 highlights the new 
methodology and will be accounted for in future years. 
This expansion of asset classes aligns with AASB S2 and 
has further driven the inclusion of Scope 3 emissions. 
It is noted that data providers utilise levels of estimation 
in calculating financed emissions for Scope 3. In our 
investments, approximately 48% of company Scope 3 
emissions data is estimated. We expect this to improve 
over the next few years as mandatory reporting regimes 
come into effect globally.
While we do not have a specific target to reduce our 
financed emissions, we recognise that climate change 
poses material risks and opportunities that may impact 
the long-term performance of our clients’ investments. Chart 3 – Financed emissions for our equity and fixed income (corporate debt) investments in FY252
Metric Description Unit Asset Class Emissions3 FY254
Total 
carbon 
emissions5 Absolute GHG emissions associated 
with a portfolio, expressed in  
tonnes CO2e.Million tCO2eEquityScope 1 6.43
Scope 2 1.38
Scope 3 79.08
Corporate 
BondsScope 1 0.50
Scope 2 0.06
Scope 3 4.27
Weighted 
average 
carbon 
intensity6 A portfolio’s exposure to 
carbon -intensive companies, 
expressed in tonnes CO2e/$M revenue.tCO2e/$m 
revenueEquity
Scope 1 and 2116.80
Corporate 
Bonds131.08
1. Covers 79% of total combined Asset Management and Wealth Management AUM as at 30 June 2025. It does not include funds under administration from our Corporate Trust division or funds under advice for our Wealth 
Management division. Further, it does not include assets or investment vehicles like cash and ETFs where we cannot obtain data nor see through to the underlying assets.
2. Source: ISS ESG Data as of 30 June 2025. Includes equity and fixed income (corporate debt) holdings in our asset management and wealth management divisions where our ESG data provider has coverage. Our reporting 
adheres to the GHG Protocol "operational control" approach. See our FY25 Financed Emissions Basis of Preparation for more details at perpetual.com.au/sustainability/archive/ .
3. Scope in this table refers to the emissions of our equity and fixed income (corporate debt) investment holdings.
4. FY25 figures utilise the EVIC methodology and prior years used the Market Capitalisation as Fixed Income (corporate bonds) data was not readily available. As a result, the table has been re ‑baselined to FY25.
5. For total carbon emissions, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated using an Enterprise Value including Cash as the denominator. This is calculated by combining the total debt and market capitalisation of a 
holding. Where no market capitalisation is available (non ‑listed issuers), total debt only is used.
6. For WACI, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are allocated based on portfolio weights, that being the current value of investment relative to the current portfolio value. It is calculated using this formula: (current value of 
investment / current portfolio value) x (issuer’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Issuer’s $M revenue).23
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People Communities Introduction Governance KPIs Planet