=== Table 1 (page 2) ===
,,ABN 95 009 211 474
Contents,,FY25 sustainability
,,performance summary
FY25 sustainability performance summary,ii,
A message from the Chair of the,,
,,
"Safety and Sustainability Committee 
Our approach to sustainability","1
2","No 
43%"
,,Female executive and
,,Adverse life
Caring for our people and communities,4,
,,Board representation
,,changing events
Valuing the environment and enabling,,
,,Target: 40% by the
the energy transition,20,
,,end of FY30
Acting ethically and responsibly,25,
PwC limited assurance report,27,
,,"20%
11%"
,,"of our senior 
of our global workforce is"
Acknowledgement of,,"leaders are female*
female"
country,,"Target: 40% by end 
Target: 33% by the"
,,"of FY33
end of FY33"
We respectfully acknowledge the Whadjuk,,
"people of the Noongar Nation, the Traditional",,"*Senior Leaders include Group Executive, Vice Presidents,"
Custodians of the land on which this report was,,General Managers and Department Heads
developed. We pay our respects to Elders past and,,
"present, and extend that respect to all Aboriginal",,
"and Torres Strait Islander peoples, as well as",,
,,"CRITICAL CONTROL 
TRIFR"
to Indigenous and First Nations communities,,
,,VERIFICATIONS
on the lands where we operate globally. As we,,
"reflect on our commitment to sustainability, we",,
recognise the enduring knowledge and deep,,
,,
environmental stewardship of Indigenous cultures.,,"6.3
19%"
"Their strong connection to Country, sustainable",,
,,"56,950 critical control 
FY24: 5.3"
land practices and holistic approach to caring for,,
,,verifications
people and place continue to inform and inspire,,
our sustainability journey. In acknowledging,,
the Traditional Custodians of the lands on,,
"which we work, we reaffirm our commitment",,
to Perenti’s sustainability imperatives: Caring,,"2,004"
"for our people and communities, Valuing the",,
"environment and enabling the energy transition,",,t CO2-e
and Acting ethically and responsibly.,,
,,Scope 1 emissions

=== Table 2 (page 4) ===
life changing events,,respectful workplaces,gender balance,our communities,decarbonisation
,,OUR SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS,,,
,,,female executive and,,scope 1 and 2
,,,,,
NO,,40%,"Board representation by 
the end of FY30",NET,"greenhouse gas 
emissions, from a"
ADVERSE,,,,,
,,,,,FY22 baseline
,,,,,
LIFE CHANGING EVENTS,,,,ZERO,
,,,,BY END OF FY30,
,of our people feel their,,female representation,,
,,,,,
+75%,teams are psychologically,33%,across our global,,of scope 1 and 2
,safe by the end FY25*,,workforce by end of FY33,,
,,,,,
,,,,40%,"emissions by the end 
of FY26, from a FY22"
,,,,ABSOLUTE,
,,,,,baseline
,,,,,
,,,40% of our senior leaders** are,REDUCTION,

=== Table 3 (page 22) ===
Management approach,The SSC also oversees the setting of climate-related
,"targets, including progress against our net zero scope"
Perenti is committed to meaningful climate action and,
,"1 and 2 targets by FY30, and guides accountability"
recognises climate change as both a material risk and a,
,through executive reporting structures.
strategic opportunity. Climate action is central to Perenti’s,
"sustainability imperatives, Valuing the environment and",
,Strategy
"enabling the energy transition, and aligns with our strategic",
,The resources sector plays a crucial role in enabling the
priority of Accelerating decarbonisation. As a mining,
,global transition to a low-carbon economy. As a mining
"services company, Perenti is in a unique position to enable",
,services company operating across key jurisdictions and
and accelerate decarbonisation across the mining value,
,"commodities, Perenti is uniquely positioned to support"
"chain. Through technology-enabled solutions, operational",
,"the energy transition through innovative, lower-emissions"
"innovation and collaborative partnerships, we aim to support",
,solutions.
clients in reducing their emissions and improving their,
efficiency.,
,Our strategy recognises the dual challenge and opportunity
,climate change presents. We are committed to enabling
Our approach is grounded in our Climate Change Position,
,the energy transition and accelerating decarbonisation by
"Statement, which affirms our support for the goals of the",
,"embedding climate resilience into our operational planning,"
Paris Agreement and confirms Perenti is committed to,
,technology development and client engagement processes.
reducing our emissions and actively supporting our clients,
,These priorities are supported by the integration of climate-
to reduce their emissions. Climate-related considerations are,
,related risks and opportunities into our business strategy and
"integrated into our enterprise risk framework, consistent with",
,enterprise risk management framework.
ISO 31000 and the ASX Corporate Governance Principles. We,
have commenced aligning with the recommendations of the,
,"In FY23, Perenti conducted a comprehensive climate"
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD),
,scenario analysis. This work identified priority transition
as a foundational framework and are progressing alignment,
,"and physical risks, ranging from water stress and extreme"
"with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS),",
,"heat to capital reallocation and abrupt electrification, and"
"issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB),",
,"highlighted the importance of decarbonisation, electrification"
"specifically the AASB  S2 Climate-related disclosures, which",
,and resilient mine design for future growth. These scenario
is aligned with IFRS S2 developed by the International,
,"assessments were informed by global modelling (such as,"
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).,
,the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Shared
,Socioeconomic Pathways and the Internation Energy Agency
"In FY25, we continued to mature our understanding of the",
,Net Zero) and explored Perenti’s strategic resilience under
AASB S2 Climate-related disclosures and prepared to meet,
,"three climate futures: a 1.5°C orderly transition, a 2–3°C"
the reporting requirements for FY26.,
,delayed transition; and a 4°C+ high emissions scenario. The
Key components of our approach to climate resilience,"assessments also helped identify important opportunities,"
include:,"such as, investing in electrified fleet capability, reassessing"
,contract structures to better share climate risk and
"• 
A formal Climate Change Position Statement, affirming",
,reorienting our technology business (idoba) toward enabling
our support for the goals of the Paris Agreement,
,climate-aligned mining solutions.
"• 
A net zero target for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030,",
using FY22 as a baseline,"Building on this foundation, in FY25, we commenced a"
,"climate-related financial impact assessment, which will help"
"• 
An interim target to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2",
,"us understand where within our operations and value chain,"
emissions by 40% by FY26 from a FY22 baseline,
,physical and transitional climate risks have the potential
"• 
An emissions reduction pathway outlining actions to",
,to have material financial implications. Given the dynamic
meet our emission reduction targets,
,"nature of our business, the impact assessment will also"
"• 
A climate-related scenario analysis to understand our",identify opportunities to mitigate these risks and highlight
physical and transition risks and opportunities.,opportunities to become more resilient to climate change.
,Risk management
We understand that climate change is an evolving issue for,
,Perenti recognises that climate change presents a number of
"our stakeholders, including investors, clients, employees and",
,"transition and physical risks that may impact our operations,"
the communities in which we operate. Our approach is to act,
,value chain and long-term financial performance. Our
"early, build capability and maintain transparency as we work",
,climate risk assessment process aligns with ISO 31000 and is
towards aligning our operations with a low-carbon future.,
,embedded within our broader enterprise risk management
Governance,framework.
Perenti’s climate governance is overseen by the Board’s,
,We identify climate-related risks and opportunities through:
"Safety and Sustainability Committee (SSC), with executive",
,"• 
Internal climate working groups and cross-functional"
accountability held by the Chief Corporate Services Officer.,

=== Table 4 (page 23) ===
FY25 performance,,
,,
,"2,004 t CO2-e","2,969 t CO2-e"
by end of FY30,scope 1 emissions,scope 2 (location based) emissions
,"FY24: 2,003 t CO2-e","FY24: 2,9 14 t CO2-e"
40% absolute,,
,,
reduction,~100 t CO2-e,"1,834 t CO2-e"
of scope 1 and 2 emissions by,emissions avoided through the,scope 2 (market- based) emissions
FY26 from a FY22 baseline,installation of solar panels,
,,"FY24: 1,689 t CO2-e"

=== Table 5 (page 23) ===
"of scope 1 and 2 emissions by 
emissions avoided through the 
scope 2 (market- based) emissions"
"FY26 from a FY22 baseline
installation of solar panels"
"FY24: 1,689 t CO2-e"
""
"Risks are categorised as:
2,004 tonnes of CO2-e of scope 1 emissions and 2,969"
"tonnes of CO2-e of location-based scope 2 emissions.
Transition risks – including regulatory changes (e.g. carbon"
"pricing), technology disruption (e.g. electrification bottlenecks)"
Our FY25 scope 1 and scope 2 emissions have increased
and evolving investor or client expectations.
slightly compared to FY24 (less than 2%). This is a result
"of including 12 months of DDH1 emissions data in FY25,"
"Physical risks – including acute hazards (e.g. flooding,"
compared to nine months of data in FY24 post-acquisition.
"cyclones, heatwaves) and chronic trends (e.g. rising"
"Additionally, the voluntary assurance process undertaken"
"temperatures, water stress)."
"in FY24 and FY25, has enabled us to improve our data"
"A summary of Perenti’s qualitative climate scenario analysis  
collection and verification processes in preparation for"
"is available in our FY25 Sustainability Databook at  
AASB S2 reporting and assurance requirements in FY26."
perenti.com/sustainability.
"In line with our emissions reduction pathway, Perenti has"
"Perenti is implementing a range of mitigation and adaptation 
installed 180 kilowatt of solar panels at BTP’s offices and"
"responses across its operations, including:
workshops in Hazelmere and Mt Thorley. In FY25, the panels"
produced 184 megawatt-hours of solar energy and reduced
"• 
Installing solar infrastructure at our workshops and"
"our scope 2 emissions by approximately 100 tonnes CO2-e.
buildings owned by Perenti"
"• 
Partnering with our clients to deliver electrification 
Since FY23, we have been purchasing GreenPower large-"
"feasibility studies for both greenfield and brownfield 
scale generation certificates (LGC) to offset our scope 2"
"projects
emissions. In February 2025, we increased the number"
of properties registered in the National GreenPower
"• 
Fleet and technology innovation"
Accreditation Program to include 12 properties in Western
•  Continuing to embed electric and hybrid equipment
"Australia. In FY25, this program offset over 2,200 megawatt-"
"across our projects, where practicable"
hours of our electricity emissions which is approximately
"•  Developing digital products essential for enabling 
43% of our power consumption."
climate-aligned mining solutions
"During FY25, we continued to implement and trial emissions"
•  Developing modelling and simulation capabilities to assist
reduction initiatives including:
clients in evaluating electrification options
•  Commissioned our first hybrid diesel–electric loader for
"• 
Transition planning, including undertaking climate"
production operations
scenario analysis and climate related impact assessments.
•  Conducted trials with diesel hybrid loaders
"• 
Entered into formal agreements with leading original 
As we build capacity in climate data and analytics, we"
"equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to jointly develop 
are working to better integrate climate risk insights into"
"and test next-generation battery-electric and hybrid 
investment decisions, contract structuring and long-term"
"machinery and infrastructure
scenario planning."
"• 
Trialling fully electric underground mining equipment at"
Metrics and targets
selected mine sites
Perenti reports consolidated greenhouse gas (GHG)
"• 
Trialled prototype electric underground utility 
emissions using the operational control approach, consistent"
"with the GHG Protocol and the National Greenhouse and 
• 
Implemented our first innovative solar-powered, battery-"
"Energy Reporting Scheme (NGERS). This includes offices, 
electric jack-up mud tank system for drilling"
workshops and facilities where Perenti exercises operational
•  Commenced a climate-related financial impact
"control. For client-owned mine and exploration sites, where"
assessment to quantify our material financial risks.
"Perenti operates but does not control emission sources,"
these are excluded from scope 1 and 2 disclosures.

=== Table 6 (page 24) ===
"No shortcuts
Never wasteful
Enable tomorrow",
Electrifying on-site operations: Solar-powered jack-up mud tank system,
As part of our commitment to decarbonisation and,Key benefits achieved:
"operational safety, Ranger Drilling, a business within",
,"• 
Zero emissions – The fully electric system removes"
"the Drilling Services division, has replaced a traditional",
,"reliance on diesel, reducing fuel-related emissions"
diesel-powered jack-up mud tank system with an,
,and contributing to our scope 1 carbon footprint
"innovative solar-charged, battery-electric system.",
,reduction goals.
"This upgrade significantly reduces emissions, noise",
,"• 
Low noise output – Operating well below"
exposure and manual handling risks in field operations.,
,"occupational exposure limits, the system significantly"
A jack-up mud tank system is used during drilling to,"improves working conditions, especially for"
safely raise and level large tanks that store and circulate,employees involved in repetitive or high-exposure
"drilling fluid (“mud”), critical for cooling drill bits,",tasks.
carrying cuttings and maintaining downhole pressure.,
,"• 
Enhanced safety – The unit allows for remote"
"Stable positioning is essential to prevent spills, improve",
,"operation of the mud tank jack legs, removing"
worker access and enable smooth fluid transfer.,
,workers from the line of fire and reducing manual
,handling risks.
"Historically powered by noisy, diesel-driven motors,",
these systems contributed to both emissions and,"• 
Improved reliability – The system eliminates issues"
excessive occupational noise. The upgraded version,"associated with flat batteries after idle periods,"
integrates a four-battery electric unit with solar panel,ensuring better equipment readiness.
"charging, delivering a quieter, cleaner and safer solution.",
,"• 
Solar panel array – Solar panels recharge the system"
,and provide sun protection for the offsider during
,mud mixing tasks.

=== Table 7 (page 29) ===
"We assessed the Subject Matter Information against the Criteria. The Subject Matter Information, set out in",
"Table 1 below, needs to be read and understood together with the Criteria.",
Table 1 – Subject Matter Information,12 months to 30 June 2025
Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) (per million hours worked),6.3
Serious Potential Incident Frequency Rate (SPIFR) (per million hours worked),3.3
Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1,"2,004 tonnes CO2-e"
Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 2 (market-based),"1,834 tonnes CO2-e"
Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 2 (location-based),"2,969 tonnes CO2-e"