=== Page 2 ===
ABN 95 009 211 474
*Ecostar+ 100% recycled uncoated paper
*
Contents
Acknowledgement of 
country 
We respectfully acknowledge the Whadjuk 
people of the Noongar Nation, the Traditional 
Custodians of the land on which this report was 
developed. We pay our respects to Elders past and 
present, and extend that respect to all Aboriginal 
and Torres Strait Islander peoples, as well as 
to Indigenous and First Nations communities 
on the lands where we operate globally. As we 
reflect on our commitment to sustainability, we 
recognise the enduring knowledge and deep 
environmental stewardship of Indigenous cultures. 
Their strong connection to Country, sustainable 
land practices and holistic approach to caring for 
people and place continue to inform and inspire 
our sustainability journey. In acknowledging 
the Traditional Custodians of the lands on 
which we work, we reaffirm our commitment 
to Perenti’s sustainability imperatives: Caring 
for our people and communities, Valuing the 
environment and enabling the energy transition, 
and Acting ethically and responsibly .FY25 sustainability performance summary  ii
A message from the Chair of the   
Safety and Sustainability Committee  1
Our approach to sustainability  2
Caring for our people and communities 4
Valuing the environment and enabling  
the energy transition  20
Acting ethically and responsibly  25
PwC limited assurance report  27FY25 sustainability  
performance summary
No 
20%
6.3
2,004
2,969 1,834t CO2-e
t CO2-e t CO2-e
$1.6 B43%
11%
19%
$1.2 MAdverse life 
changing events
TRIFR
Scope 1 emissions 
Invested in local 
procurementSpent on social value 
investmentsScope 2 emissions 
Location-based**  Scope 2 emissions 
Market-based**CRITICAL CONTROL 
VERIFICATIONS 
56,950 critical control 
verifications of our senior 
leaders are female*Female executive and 
Board representation 
of our global workforce is 
femaleTarget: 40% by the 
end of FY30
Target: 33% by the 
end of FY33Target: 40% by end 
of FY33
FY24: 5.3  
Target: Net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by the end 
of FY30 from an FY22 baseline 
Target: 40% Absolute reduction of scope 1 and 2 
emissions by the end of FY26 from a FY22 baselineFY24:2,003)
FY24:2,914) (FY24:1,689)*Senior Leaders include Group Executive, Vice Presidents,  
General Managers and Department Heads
** Includes 12 months of DDH1 Group scope 2 emissions -  
compared to FY24 which included nine months.

=== Page 4 ===
ABN 95 009 211 474At Perenti, we recognise the critical role we must play in helping the world transition to a 
more sustainable future. To deliver on our purpose, to create enduring value and certainty 
for all stakeholders, sustainability must be embedded in everything we do. It informs how 
we operate, innovate and care for our people, communities and the environment.
OUR PURPOSE
To create enduring value and certainty  
OUR SUSTAINABILITY IMPERATIVES
Caring for our people 
and communitiesValuing the environment 
and enabling the energy 
transition Acting ethically & 
responsibly  
OUR SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES  
Preventing adverse  
life changing eventsCreating safe and 
respectful workplacesAchieving  
gender balanceAccelerating 
decarbonisationPartnering with 
our communities
OUR SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS
NO 
ADVERSE  
LIFE CHANGING EVENTS
of scope 1 and 2 
emissions by the end 
of FY26, from a FY22 
baseline
WE EMBED SAFETY AND SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DOof our people feel their 
teams are psychologically 
safe by the end FY25* +75%40%
33%
40%of our senior leaders** are 
female by the end of FY33female representation 
across our global 
workforce by end of FY33female executive and 
Board representation by 
the end of FY30 NET 
ZERO 
BY END OF FY30scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas 
emissions, from a 
FY22 baseline
40%
ABSOLUTE 
REDUCTION
*Australia only.
** Senior Leaders include Group Executive, Vice Presidents, General Managers and Department Heads.Our commitment is guided not only by our Sustainability 
Blueprint, but also by the Perenti principles, the shared 
values that underpin our decisions and define how we work. 
These principles, No shortcuts, Never wasteful, Walk in their 
shoes, Smarter together,  and Enable tomorrow , reinforce our 
responsibility to act ethically, lead with care and continuously 
improve across all domains of sustainability.
In FY25, we continued to implement our Sustainability 
Blueprint, which is built around three enduring imperatives:
• Caring for our people and communities
• Valuing the environment and enabling the energy 
transition
• Acting ethically and responsibly.Our approach to sustainability
These imperatives are underpinned by five sustainability 
priorities, each championed by an executive sponsor and 
integrated across all divisions:
• Preventing adverse life changing events
• Creating safe and respectful workplaces
• Achieving gender balance
• Accelerating decarbonisation
• Partnering with our communities.
Our sustainability priorities are closely linked and contribute 
to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
included in our Sustainability Blueprint. Progress against 
these priorities are supported through Group-wide initiatives, 
defined targets, and investments that deliver tangible 
sustainability outcomes.2
Perenti Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 5 ===
This FY25 Sustainability Report (Report) outlines Perenti’s 
performance against our Sustainability Blueprint, structured 
around our three sustainability imperatives. This Report 
includes achievements, challenges and performance against 
targets, supported by data and case studies from across  
Perenti (Perenti; Group) for the period 1 July 2024 to 30 June 
2025 (unless otherwise stated). The organisational control 
boundary for the reporting period remained unchanged in 
FY25, ensuring comparability with prior reporting periods. 
This Report is embedded in our FY25 Annual Report. It is 
also available as a separate report on Perenti’s sustainability 
webpage. When reviewing the digital report, it should 
be noted that topics such as governance, enterprise risk, 
operating model and other matters that are covered by the 
financial reporting requirements are contained within those 
sections of the FY25 Annual Report. 
In FY25, we completed further assessments in accordance 
with the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). Our fourth 
Modern Slavery Statement was completed in November 
2024. We also reported our gender diversity performance 
to the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) for our 
Australian operations. 
Our sustainability reports, including our FY25 Sustainability 
Databook, are available at perenti.com/sustainability.
Scan the QR code to read 
our FY25 Sustainability 
Databook.Reporting structure and scope
Materiality assessment
In FY25, we conducted a comprehensive materiality 
assessment. The materiality assessment involved a detailed 
desktop assessment, an extensive internal and external 
stakeholder engagement program and internal workshops 
to establish the sustainability issues that are important to 
our business and our stakeholders. From this process, the 
material topics were determined to be:
PRIORITY 1
Health and Safety
Employment Practices
Local communitiesPRIORITY 2
Climate adaption and resilience
Non-discrimination and 
equal opportunities
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
Governance
Rights of Indigenous Peoples
During FY26, we will be re-evaluating our Sustainability 
Blueprint to align with the outcomes of the FY25 Materiality 
Assessment, and updating our targets, where required.
Our continued focus is to embed safety and sustainability 
in everything we do, to build operational resilience, deliver 
long-term positive impact and position our business to 
thrive as the world transitions to a more sustainable future.
Forward-looking statements
The FY25 Sustainability Report and the supporting FY25 
Sustainability Databook include forward-looking statements, 
forecasts, estimates and projections regarding future 
events, circumstances, targets, commitments and the future 
performance of the Group in relation to environmental, 
social, governance, climate change and broader sustainability 
matters (Forward-looking Statements). 
The Forward-looking Statements do not constitute factual 
statements, guarantees, or predictions and are not intended 
to provide guidance on the future sustainability performance 
of the Group. The Forward-looking Statements are based 
on the Group’s beliefs and expectations as at the date of 
the publication of the FY25 Sustainability Report and reflect 
judgements, assumptions, estimates and other available 
information as at the date of the Report. Readers are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements.
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is given 
as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness or correctness, 
likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of any Forward-
looking Statement or the assumptions that underlie them. 
Forward-looking Statements are subject to known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of 
which are beyond the Group’s control, and which may 
cause the actual sustainability results, performance or 
achievements of the Group to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied in the statements contained in the FY25 
Sustainability Report.
The Forward-looking Statements are made as at the date 
of the publication of the FY25 Sustainability Report. Except 
as required by applicable regulations or law, the Company 
does not undertake any obligation to publicly update, 
supplement or revise any information in this report (including 
any Forward-looking Statements), whether as a result of new 
information or future events.Alignment with frameworks
This Report has been prepared with reference to the GRI 
Standards, including the GRI 14: Mining Sector 2024 Sector 
Standard, alongside the relevant topic standards. We have 
also identified the SDGs that align with our sustainability 
imperatives and priorities. Our climate change and energy 
transition disclosures are aligned with the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate -related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), embedded within our governance, strategy, risk 
management and metrics disclosures. We are actively 
transitioning to meet the Australian Accounting Standards 
Board (AASB) S2 Climate -related disclosures.
To enhance transparency, we have published a separate FY25 
Sustainability Databook on our website, which includes our 
sustainability performance data, climate scenario analysis 
summary, scope 3 basis of preparation, Industry associations 
and GRI Content Index.
Assurance
We engaged an independent external assurance 
organisation, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), to provide 
limited assurance over select FY25 sustainability performance 
metrics, including:
• Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)   
(per million hours worked)
• Serious Potential Incident Frequency Rate (SPIFR)   
(per million hours worked)
• Greenhouse gas emissions – scope 1
• Greenhouse gas emissions – scope 2 (market-based)
• Greenhouse gas emissions – scope 2 (location-based)
PwC’s assurance report can be found on page 61.3 Perenti Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 22 ===
ABN 95 009 211 474Valuing the environment and 
enabling the energy transition
Accelerating decarbonisation
Management approach 
Perenti is committed to meaningful climate action and 
recognises climate change as both a material risk and a 
strategic opportunity. Climate action is central to Perenti’s 
sustainability imperatives, Valuing the environment and 
enabling the energy transition , and aligns with our strategic 
priority of Accelerating decarbonisation . As a mining 
services company, Perenti is in a unique position to enable 
and accelerate decarbonisation across the mining value 
chain. Through technology-enabled solutions, operational 
innovation and collaborative partnerships, we aim to support 
clients in reducing their emissions and improving their 
efficiency. 
Our approach is grounded in our Climate Change Position 
Statement, which affirms our support for the goals of the 
Paris Agreement and confirms Perenti is committed to 
reducing our emissions and actively supporting our clients 
to reduce their emissions. Climate-related considerations are 
integrated into our enterprise risk framework, consistent with 
ISO 31000 and the ASX Corporate Governance Principles. We 
have commenced aligning with the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
as a foundational framework and are progressing alignment 
with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS), 
issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB), 
specifically the AASB  S2 Climate -related disclosures, which 
is aligned with IFRS S2 developed by the International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).
In FY25, we continued to mature our understanding of the 
AASB S2 Climate-related disclosures and prepared to meet 
the reporting requirements for FY26.
Key components of our approach to climate resilience 
include:
• A formal Climate Change Position Statement, affirming 
our support for the goals of the Paris Agreement
• A net zero target for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030, 
using FY22 as a baseline
• An interim target to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 40% by FY26 from a FY22 baseline
• An emissions reduction pathway outlining actions to 
meet our emission reduction targets 
• A climate-related scenario analysis to understand our 
physical and transition risks and opportunities.
We understand that climate change is an evolving issue for 
our stakeholders, including investors, clients, employees and 
the communities in which we operate. Our approach is to act 
early, build capability and maintain transparency as we work 
towards aligning our operations with a low-carbon future.
Governance
Perenti’s climate governance is overseen by the Board’s 
Safety and Sustainability Committee (SSC), with executive 
accountability held by the Chief Corporate Services Officer. 
In FY23, we established a Decarbonisation Steering Group, 
sponsored by our President of Mining and Technology 
Services, to guide our emissions reduction strategy and 
climate risk response.
Climate-related reporting and readiness under AASB S2 
was included as agenda items in Board meetings and SSC 
meetings, with the frequency and nature reflecting the 
evolving materiality of climate change to our business. The SSC also oversees the setting of climate-related 
targets, including progress against our net zero scope 
1 and 2 targets by FY30, and guides accountability 
through executive reporting structures.
Strategy
The resources sector plays a crucial role in enabling the 
global transition to a low-carbon economy. As a mining 
services company operating across key jurisdictions and 
commodities, Perenti is uniquely positioned to support 
the energy transition through innovative, lower-emissions 
solutions.
Our strategy recognises the dual challenge and opportunity 
climate change presents. We are committed to enabling 
the energy transition and accelerating decarbonisation by 
embedding climate resilience into our operational planning, 
technology development and client engagement processes. 
These priorities are supported by the integration of climate-
related risks and opportunities into our business strategy and 
enterprise risk management framework.
In FY23, Perenti conducted a comprehensive climate 
scenario analysis. This work identified priority transition  
and physical risks, ranging from water stress and extreme 
heat to capital reallocation and abrupt electrification, and 
highlighted the importance of decarbonisation, electrification 
and resilient mine design for future growth. These scenario 
assessments were informed by global modelling (such as, 
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Shared 
Socioeconomic Pathways and the Internation Energy Agency 
Net Zero) and explored Perenti’s strategic resilience under 
three climate futures: a 1.5°C orderly transition, a 2–3°C 
delayed transition; and a 4°C+ high emissions scenario. The 
assessments also helped identify important opportunities, 
such as, investing in electrified fleet capability, reassessing 
contract structures to better share climate risk and 
reorienting our technology business (idoba) toward enabling 
climate-aligned mining solutions.
Building on this foundation, in FY25, we commenced a 
climate-related financial impact assessment, which will help 
us understand where within our operations and value chain, 
physical and transitional climate risks have the potential 
to have material financial implications. Given the dynamic 
nature of our business, the impact assessment will also 
identify opportunities to mitigate these risks and highlight 
opportunities to become more resilient to climate change.
Risk management
Perenti recognises that climate change presents a number of 
transition and physical risks that may impact our operations, 
value chain and long-term financial performance. Our 
climate risk assessment process aligns with ISO 31000 and is 
embedded within our broader enterprise risk management 
framework.
We identify climate-related risks and opportunities through:
• Internal climate working groups and cross-functional 
reviews
• Risk assessments and stakeholder engagement
• Review of industry trends, regulation and policy 
developments
• External climate scenario analysis and advisory input.20
Perenti Sustainability Report 2025