=== Table 1 (page 17) ===
RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED),,RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
CONTROL MEASURES AND,RESIDUAL,SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE
"RISK 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS",RISK LEVEL,
,,"Every year, Perseus publishes its Sustainable Development Report, outlining its performance"
,,
"Financial Sustainability
•  Treasury Management processes including commodity hedging of a portion",,
,,across material sustainability topics for the previous financial year. We encourage stakeholders
of our production.,,
,,to read the report to understand our sustainability strategy and to explore our progress in
,MEDIUM,
•  Financial forecasting assessing performance against budgets.,DECREASE,more detail.
•  Ongoing Diversification of portfolio.,,
•  Board and Audit & Risk Committee oversight.,,CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
•  Ongoing engagement with Governmental authorities.,,
,,"Perseus is progressing towards alignment with AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures, part of the"
Resource Growth and,,
•  Board and Technical Committee oversight and guidance.,,"Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) issued by the AASB, which will apply to the"
Replenishment,,
,,Company from FY26.
•  Resource and Reserve replenishment & extension program and associated,,
funding.,,
,,"This year, Perseus completed the first phase of a multi-stage climate risk and opportunity"
,MEDIUM,
•  Continuous review of Merger and Acquisition opportunities.,,
,INCREASE,"assessment, using qualitative analysis to identify potential climate-related risks and"
,,opportunities for further analysis.
,,Our FY25 Sustainable Development Report includes our progress in preparing these
,,
"Operational and Asset 
•  Established Life of Mine (LOM) plans, budgeting and forecasting.",,
Performance,,climate-related financial disclosures as we prepare for the mandatory reporting regime
•  Operational management and reporting.,,
,,commencement.
•  Contractor Management.,,
,MEDIUM,
,,"AASB S2 specifies the climate-related financial disclosures that an entity is required to make,"
•  Downstream construction method utilised for all tailings dams.,,
,,"including core content disclosures relating to governance, strategy, risk management, and"
•  Annual audits of Tailings Storage Facilities by external independent parties.,,
,,metrics and targets.
•  Maintenance schedules and processes.,,
,,A summary of our progress is below and the content can be found on the following pages of our
,,
"Cybersecurity
•  Perseus engages specialist partners and solutions to reduce the impact and",,
,,FY25 Sustainable Development Report.
likelihood of a potential cyber security event.,,
•  Alignment to frameworks such as ISO27001 and implementation of the,,"Governance
Strategy
Risk Management
Metrics & Targets"
"majority of the ASD Essential 8 recommendations. By doing so, Perseus",,
,,"Board oversight of 
Identify and describe 
Process for identifying and 
The climate-related metrics"
"ensures a balanced protection of confidentiality, integrity and availability of",,
,,"climate-related risks and 
climate-related risks and 
assessing climate-related 
and targets."
the data and systems. This is supported by routine independent reviews and,MEDIUM,
,INCREASE,"opportunities .
opportunities.
risks."
proactive monitoring for early identification of potential events.,,
•,,"Page 12-13
Page 48-51"
"Industry leading security appliance hardware, end point protection",,
and management software and provides on-going user awareness and,,
,,"Role of management in 
Describe how these 
How climate-related risks are 
Scope 1,2 and 3 greenhouse"
training sessions.,,
,,"assessing and managing 
climate related risks and 
integrated into overall risk 
gas emissions."
,,"climate-related risks and 
opportunities could impact 
management framework.
Page 52"
,,"opportunities.
the business."
SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURES,,
,,Page 13
,,Page 49-51
Materiality,,
,,Climate resilience
,,assessment/scenario analysis.
Perseus determines which sustainability topics are most material to our business and,,
stakeholders through a double materiality assessment process. It informs our sustainability,,