=== Page 17 ===
RISK CONTROL MEASURES AND  
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMSRESIDUAL 
RISK LEVEL
Financial Sustainability • Treasury Management processes including commodity hedging of a portion 
of our production.
• Financial forecasting assessing performance against budgets.  
• Ongoing Diversification of portfolio.
• Board and Audit & Risk Committee oversight.
• Ongoing engagement with Governmental authorities.MEDIUM
DECREASE
Resource Growth and 
Replenishment• Board and T echnical Committee oversight and guidance.
• Resource and Reserve replenishment & extension program and associated 
funding.
• Continuous review of Merger and Acquisition opportunities.MEDIUM
INCREASE
Operational and Asset 
Performance• Established Life of Mine (LOM) plans, budgeting and forecasting.
• Operational management and reporting.
• Contractor Management.
• Downstream construction method utilised for all tailings dams. 
• Annual audits of Tailings Storage Facilities by external independent parties.
• Maintenance schedules and processes.MEDIUM
Cybersecurity • Perseus engages specialist partners and solutions to reduce the impact and 
likelihood of a potential cyber security event.
• Alignment to frameworks such as ISO27001 and implementation of the 
majority of the ASD Essential 8 recommendations. By doing so, Perseus 
ensures a balanced protection of confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
the data and systems. This is supported by routine independent reviews and 
proactive monitoring for early identification of potential events.
• Industry leading security appliance hardware, end point protection 
and management software and provides on-going user awareness and 
training sessions.MEDIUM
INCREASE
SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURES 
Materiality 
Perseus determines which sustainability topics are most material to our business and 
stakeholders through a double materiality assessment process. It informs our sustainability 
strategy and allows us to develop a comprehensive understanding of sustainability impacts, 
risks and opportunities, impacting our Company and stakeholders. 
Access Appendix 2 of our Sustainable Development Report  to read about this process and our 
sustainability risks and opportunities in detail. 
FY25 Material Topics
PRIORITY MATERIAL TOPICS MATERIAL TOPICS 
Environmental • Tailings.•  Mine closure and rehabilitation.
•  Greenhouse gas emissions.
• W ater stewardship.
Social•  Local community 
engagement, employment 
and development
•  Employee development, 
training and education.•  Health and safety.
•  Resettlement, land and resource rights.
•  Employee working conditions, wages and benefits .
•  W orkforce diversity and equal opportunity .
Governance • Economic contribution.•  Government relations and payments.
•  Geopolitical risk management.SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE
Every year, Perseus publishes its Sustainable Development Report , outlining its performance 
across material sustainability topics for the previous financial year. W e encourage stakeholders 
to read the report to understand our sustainability strategy and to explore our progress in  
more detail.
CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
Perseus is progressing towards alignment with AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures , part of the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) issued by the AASB, which will apply to the 
Company from FY26.
This year, Perseus completed the first phase of a multi-stage climate risk and opportunity 
assessment, using qualitative analysis to identify potential climate-related risks and 
opportunities for further analysis.
Our FY25 Sustainable Development Report includes our progress in preparing these 
climate-related financial disclosures as we prepare for the mandatory reporting regime 
commencement. 
AASB S2 specifies the climate-related financial disclosures that an entity is required to make, 
including core content disclosures relating to governance, strategy, risk management, and 
metrics and targets.
A summary of our progress is below and the content can be found on the following pages of our 
FY25 Sustainable Development Report.
Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics & Targets
Board oversight of 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities .
Page 12-13Identify and describe 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Page 48-51Process for identifying and 
assessing climate-related 
risks.The climate-related metrics 
and targets. 
Role of management in 
assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Page 13Describe how these 
climate related risks and 
opportunities could impact 
the business. 
Page 49-51How climate-related risks are 
integrated into overall risk 
management framework.Scope 1,2 and 3 greenhouse 
gas emissions.
Page 52
Climate resilience 
assessment/ scenario analysis.
In FY26, we will complete a climate scenario analysis and financial impact 
assessment of identified climate-related risks and opportunities. 
This will include: 
• development of climate scenarios;
• physical climate risk assessment and related analysis;
• transitional risk and opportunity analysis;
• assessment of materiality of financial risks (and opportunities);
• GHG emissions data projections and shadow carbon price analysis; 
• financial and economic impact analysis using scenario analysis;
• financial/ quantitative analysis of risks and opportunities.
W e will look to incorporate the results of this analysis into our governance, 
risk management, strategy development and planning processes. This work 
will also inform the development of a climate strategy.RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
PERSEUS MINING 2025 ANNUAL REPORT PERSEUS MINING 2025 ANNUAL REPORT 30 31Overview Operations Review Group Ore Reserves  
and Mineral ResourcesRisk Management Annual Financial Report