=== Page 31 ===
2025 Activities 
and OutcomesInstalled 4,066 rooftop solar panels at our new Australian headquarters, providing 
approximately one-third of our energy needs through renewable sources
Installed a closed-loop wastewater treatment system at our new Australian headquarters 
to recycle water into de-mineralised form for reuse in production
Optimised natural lighting at our new Australian headquarters to reduce dependency on 
artificial lighting and energy use
Completed waste management registration for PWR North America and obtained an 
Environmental Protection Agency ID through the Indiana Department of Environmental 
Management - the facility is officially a registered as a small quantity generator (SQG)
Transitioned multiple systems to paperless operations, reducing paper consumption 
and improving environmental efficiencyPWR is committed to playing its part in 
developing lower emissions technology 
to support customers and help build a 
sustainable world for the next generation.
Playing our Part 
on Climate Change We believe that being a good corporate citizen and ensuring 
that our manufacturing is sustainable will contribute to our 
long-term success as a business.  
A Sustainable Business
Playing 
our Part 
on Climate 
Change Circular 
Economy 
and Waste Managing 
Cybersecurity Ethical 
Business 
Practices 
supported 
by PWR 
DNA 
29 Annual Report 2025
YEAR IN REVIEW ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONDIRECTORS’  
REPORTFINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS REVIEW OF 
OPERATIONSLEADERSHIP 
REVIEW OF 
OPERATIONS

=== Page 32 ===
Practical measures to reduce 
environmental impacts
PWR has taken substantial steps to reduce its 
environmental impacts and carbon footprint in FY25. 
As part of our move to the new Australian headquarters, 
we installed 4,066 solar panels on our roof. This huge 
array will satisfy around 30% of our facility’s energy 
requirements. We also installed a closed-loop wastewater 
treatment plant onsite that captures, treats, and reuses 
around 90% of our trade wastewater. 
In Australia, PWR engaged local Yatala-based company 
– and one of the largest aluminium recyclers in Australia 
– SIMS Metals to collect aluminium scrap from our 
manufacturing processes for recycling purposes. In FY25 
PWR Ormeau recycled over 300 tonnes of aluminium 
scrap. Additionally, PWR collects aluminium cans that 
are donated to a local charity, Hearts of Purple. PWR 
Europe and PWR North America similarly engage local 
companies to collect aluminium scrap for recycling. 
Other significant waste items produced as part of PWR 
manufacturing processes include comingled waste 
containers, grease trap waste, liquid waste, oily water, 
and dry waste. In Australia, PWR engages national waste 
management Veolia to assist us with recycling, waste 
management, sustainable waste options, water treatment, 
and energy services. Veolia specialises in managing 
manufacturing waste and through its amalgamated plant 
and facility services is able to support businesses like PWR 
to improve key measures such as environmental, social, 
and economic business benchmarks. Review of Operations
A Sustainable Business
continued
PWR Location2025  
(t CO2-e)12024  
(t CO2-e)1
Ormeau, Australia2 3,291 3,294
Rugby, United Kingdom 135 122
Indianapolis, USA 1,218 1,027
TOTAL 4,644 4,443
1.  References for emissions factors used: 
 AUSTRALIA FACTORS Report per t 
 https://www.cleanenergyregulator.gov.au/NGER/Forms-and-resources/Calculators
 UK FACTORS Report per kg and convert
 https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/government-conversion-factors-for-company-reporting
 USA FACTORS 
 https://www.epa.gov/system/files/documents/2025-01/ghg-emission-factors-hub-2025.pdf
 https://ghgprotocol.org/calculation-tools-and-guidance 
2. Includes Stapylton facility from January 2025 Obviously, the reductions in carbon emissions and 
mitigation of environmental impacts flowing from these 
initiatives are excellent from a sustainability perspective. 
However, they also afford PWR substantial financial 
benefits. PWR will continue to improve sustainability 
throughout our businesses to adapt to the market’s 
demands for lower impact goods and services.
Finally, PWR maintained its ISO14001 certification 
in Australia for 2025, the international standard for 
establishing and improving a business’ environmental 
management systems. 
Preparing for mandatory Environmental, 
Social and Governance reporting 
Our future focus will be understanding financial impacts 
flowing from the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate Related Financial Disclosures, so that we have 
a foundation on which to build realistic targets. We aim 
to have FY27 as our comparator year and commence 
reporting in FY28 aligned with the IISB disclosure 
requirements. We intend to:
• Explore opportunities to reduce our scope 1 and 
scope 2 emissions;
• Undertake an initial upstream scope 3 emissions 
assessment of raw material inputs (2026);
• Implement processes to capture data for scope 3 
emissions (2027); and
• Identify opportunities to reduce carbon intensity 
for Scopes 1 and 2 (2026) and Scope 3 (2028).
PWR is not subject to the Federal Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) Scheme. We have, 
however, undertaken scope 1 and 2 baseline emissions calculations for our global operations as follows:
30 PWR Holdings Limited

=== Page 57 ===
55 Annual Report 2025
YEAR IN REVIEW ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATIONDIRECTORS’  
REPORTFINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS REVIEW OF 
OPERATIONSLEADERSHIP Operational Risks
Managing the challenges that come with rapid growth 
PWR has worked hard to get 
where we are and have grown 
our business year on year but 
with this comes challenge. 
The challenge of managing 
and communicating with 
a larger, wider-spread 
workforce, more workload, 
the move to a larger factory, 
investment in better 
and more streamlined 
systems and processes, 
more customers and new 
advances in technology, to 
name a few. • First and foremost, we need to always stay focused on our people, no matter how demanding 
our business growth becomes - because our people are responsible for driving our growth. 
We have invested in a highly capable human resource area to provide the extra support and 
focus required. 
• We have focused on developing high performing leaders, targeting managers and supervisors 
for our in-house leadership program.
• Competition for workers is ongoing and retaining our workforce is a key focus. We have seen 
our staff turnover rate for the Group steadily decrease following our retention initiatives.
• With growth comes change and maintaining open channels of communication with our 
people is essential. We are committed to ensuring each and every employee understands our 
vision and purpose and their role in helping to deliver them. We hold monthly team talks with 
consistent, transparent messages and giving employees an opportunity to ask questions. 
• We are focused on ensuring we have robust systems and processes that facilitate knowledge 
transfer to produce our many products. When everyone follows a well-tested set of steps, we 
reduce the likelihood of mistakes, delays and duplicated effort. 
• We have implemented a Human Resource Management System that will support the business 
for many years to come. 
Protecting our intellectual property and managing cyber security risks 
Second only to our people is 
PWR’s intellectual property 
and that of our customers. • We have strict confidentiality procedures in place when developing new technology and 
manufacturing processes. 
• We operate restricted areas within our manufacturing sites and do not permit phones or 
cameras on the factory floor. 
Cyber risk
The Company is exposed 
to the risk of cyber threats, 
including unauthorised 
access to systems, data 
breaches, and operational 
disruptions, which could 
result in financial loss, 
reputational damage and 
regulatory penalties. • We regularly undertake independent external reviews of our IT and potential cyber security 
exposures and have implemented all recommendations arising from these reviews. 
• To reduce exposure to cyber risk, the Company has implemented a range of controls, including 
multi-factor authentication, continuous network monitoring, regular penetration testing, and 
phishing exercises. 
• All team members undergo employee cyber awareness training and incident response planning. 
• Technology security measures, including identity and access management and end point 
solutions are used to mitigate risks. 
• These measures are reviewed and updated regularly to address the evolving threat landscape. 
Sustainability Risk 
PWR is committed to playing 
its part in building a more 
sustainable world for the 
future generations. How 
we go about this requires 
focus and investment and 
close contact with our many 
stakeholders We believe 
that PWR can play its part 
in the transition towards 
a sustainable society 
through the use of emerging 
technology and innovative 
product development to 
support our customer’s 
climate change targets. • We invest in new technologies and projects to support low emissions programs. 
• We have installed 4,066 rooftop solar panels at our new Australian headquarters, to provide 
approximately one-third of our energy needs through renewable sources.
• We have installed a closed-loop wastewater treatment system at our new Australian 
headquarters to recycle water into demineralised form for reuse in production.
• We have integrated our material sustainability pillars into our strategy, described on page 12 and 
reported outcomes in our review of operations on pages 12 to 50.
• We have recorded our scope 1 and scope 2 baseline emissions outlined on page 30.
• We will set realistic and measurable targets to meet and report against. 
• We will continuously review and revise our approach to sustainability and climate change 
to ensure it keeps pace with the expectations of our stakeholders. 
• We will incorporate the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate Related Financial 
Disclosures. 
• We determine where to manufacture product considering source location of raw materials, 
capacity and capability of the PWR factory, and destination of the final product. 
REVIEW OF 
OPERATIONS