=== Table 1 (page 32) ===
companies to collect aluminium scrap for recycling.,,
,,to have FY27 as our comparator year and commence
,,reporting in FY28 aligned with the IISB disclosure
Other significant waste items produced as part of PWR,,
,,requirements. We intend to:
manufacturing processes include comingled waste,,
"containers, grease trap waste, liquid waste, oily water,",,
,•,Explore opportunities to reduce our scope 1 and
"and dry waste. In Australia, PWR engages national waste",,
,,scope 2 emissions;
"management Veolia to assist us with recycling, waste",,
,•,Undertake an initial upstream scope 3 emissions
"management, sustainable waste options, water treatment,",,
,,assessment of raw material inputs (2026);
and energy services. Veolia specialises in managing,,
manufacturing waste and through its amalgamated plant,•,Implement processes to capture data for scope 3
and facility services is able to support businesses like PWR,,emissions (2027); and
"to improve key measures such as environmental, social,",,
,•,Identify opportunities to reduce carbon intensity
and economic business benchmarks.,,
,,for Scopes 1 and 2 (2026) and Scope 3 (2028).

=== Table 2 (page 32) ===
Review of Operations,
A Sustainable Business,
continued,
,"Obviously, the reductions in carbon emissions and"
Practical measures to reduce,
,mitigation of environmental impacts flowing from these
environmental impacts,
,initiatives are excellent from a sustainability perspective.
PWR has taken substantial steps to reduce its,
,"However, they also afford PWR substantial financial"
environmental impacts and carbon footprint in FY25.,
,benefits. PWR will continue to improve sustainability
"As part of our move to the new Australian headquarters,",
,throughout our businesses to adapt to the market’s
"we installed 4,066 solar panels on our roof. This huge",
,demands for lower impact goods and services.
array will satisfy around 30% of our facility’s energy,
requirements. We also installed a closed-loop wastewater,"Finally, PWR maintained its ISO14001 certification"
"treatment plant onsite that captures, treats, and reuses","in Australia for 2025, the international standard for"
around 90% of our trade wastewater.,establishing and improving a business’ environmental
,management systems.
"In Australia, PWR engaged local Yatala-based company",
– and one of the largest aluminium recyclers in Australia,
– SIMS Metals to collect aluminium scrap from our,"Preparing for mandatory Environmental,"
manufacturing processes for recycling purposes. In FY25,Social and Governance reporting
PWR Ormeau recycled over 300 tonnes of aluminium,
,Our future focus will be understanding financial impacts
"scrap. Additionally, PWR collects aluminium cans that",
,flowing from the recommendations of the Task Force on
"are donated to a local charity, Hearts of Purple. PWR",
,"Climate Related Financial Disclosures, so that we have"
Europe and PWR North America similarly engage local,
,a foundation on which to build realistic targets. We aim
companies to collect aluminium scrap for recycling.,
,to have FY27 as our comparator year and commence
,reporting in FY28 aligned with the IISB disclosure
Other significant waste items produced as part of PWR,
,requirements. We intend to:
manufacturing processes include comingled waste,
"containers, grease trap waste, liquid waste, oily water,",
,"• 
Explore opportunities to reduce our scope 1 and"
"and dry waste. In Australia, PWR engages national waste",
,scope 2 emissions;
"management Veolia to assist us with recycling, waste",
,"• 
Undertake an initial upstream scope 3 emissions"
"management, sustainable waste options, water treatment,",
,assessment of raw material inputs (2026);
and energy services. Veolia specialises in managing,
manufacturing waste and through its amalgamated plant,"• 
Implement processes to capture data for scope 3"
and facility services is able to support businesses like PWR,emissions (2027); and
"to improve key measures such as environmental, social,",
,"• 
Identify opportunities to reduce carbon intensity"
and economic business benchmarks.,
,for Scopes 1 and 2 (2026) and Scope 3 (2028).
"PWR is not subject to the Federal Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) Scheme. We have,",
"however, undertaken scope 1 and 2 baseline emissions calculations for our global operations as follows:",
,"2025  
2024"
PWR Location,"(t CO2-e)1
(t CO2-e)1"
"Ormeau, Australia2","3,294
3,291"
"Rugby, United Kingdom","122
135"
"Indianapolis, USA","1,027
1,218"
TOTAL,"4,644
4,443"
"1. 
References for emissions factors used:",
AUSTRALIA FACTORS Report per t,
https://www.cleanenergyregulator.gov.au/NGER/Forms-and-resources/Calculators,
UK FACTORS Report per kg and convert,
https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/government-conversion-factors-for-company-reporting,
USA FACTORS,
https://www.epa.gov/system/files/documents/2025-01/ghg-emission-factors-hub-2025.pdf,
https://ghgprotocol.org/calculation-tools-and-guidance,
"2. 
Includes Stapylton facility from January 2025",

=== Table 3 (page 57) ===
Operational Risks,,
,Managing the challenges that come with rapid growth,
PWR has worked hard to get,•,"First and foremost, we need to always stay focused on our people, no matter how demanding"
where we are and have grown,,our business growth becomes - because our people are responsible for driving our growth.
our business year on year but,,We have invested in a highly capable human resource area to provide the extra support and
with this comes challenge.,,focus required.
The challenge of managing,•,"We have focused on developing high performing leaders, targeting managers and supervisors"
and communicating with,,for our in-house leadership program.
"a larger, wider-spread",,
,•,Competition for workers is ongoing and retaining our workforce is a key focus. We have seen
"workforce, more workload,",,
,,our staff turnover rate for the Group steadily decrease following our retention initiatives.
"the move to a larger factory,",,
,•,With growth comes change and maintaining open channels of communication with our
investment in better,,
,,people is essential. We are committed to ensuring each and every employee understands our
and more streamlined,,
,,vision and purpose and their role in helping to deliver them. We hold monthly team talks with
"systems and processes,",,
,,"consistent, transparent messages and giving employees an opportunity to ask questions."
more customers and new,,
,•,We are focused on ensuring we have robust systems and processes that facilitate knowledge
"advances in technology, to",,
,,"transfer to produce our many products. When everyone follows a well-tested set of steps, we"
name a few.,,
,,"reduce the likelihood of mistakes, delays and duplicated effort."
,•,We have implemented a Human Resource Management System that will support the business
,,for many years to come.
,Protecting our intellectual property and managing cyber security risks,
Second only to our people is,•,We have strict confidentiality procedures in place when developing new technology and
PWR’s intellectual property,,manufacturing processes.
and that of our customers.,•,We operate restricted areas within our manufacturing sites and do not permit phones or
,,cameras on the factory floor.
Cyber risk,,
The Company is exposed,•,We regularly undertake independent external reviews of our IT and potential cyber security
"to the risk of cyber threats,",,exposures and have implemented all recommendations arising from these reviews.
including unauthorised,•,"To reduce exposure to cyber risk, the Company has implemented a range of controls, including"
"access to systems, data",,"multi-factor authentication, continuous network monitoring, regular penetration testing, and"
"breaches, and operational",,phishing exercises.
"disruptions, which could",,
,•,All team members undergo employee cyber awareness training and incident response planning.
"result in financial loss,",,
,•,"Technology security measures, including identity and access management and end point"
reputational damage and,,
,,solutions are used to mitigate risks.
regulatory penalties.,,
,•,These measures are reviewed and updated regularly to address the evolving threat landscape.
Sustainability Risk,,
PWR is committed to playing,•,We invest in new technologies and projects to support low emissions programs.
its part in building a more,•,"We have installed 4,066 rooftop solar panels at our new Australian headquarters, to provide"
sustainable world for the,,approximately one-third of our energy needs through renewable sources.
future generations. How,,
,•,We have installed a closed-loop wastewater treatment system at our new Australian
we go about this requires,,
,,headquarters to recycle water into demineralised form for reuse in production.
focus and investment and,,
,•,"We have integrated our material sustainability pillars into our strategy, described on page 12 and"
close contact with our many,,
,,reported outcomes in our review of operations on pages 12 to 50.
stakeholders We believe,,
,•,We have recorded our scope 1 and scope 2 baseline emissions outlined on page 30.
that PWR can play its part,,
,•,We will set realistic and measurable targets to meet and report against.
in the transition towards,,
a sustainable society,•,We will continuously review and revise our approach to sustainability and climate change
through the use of emerging,,to ensure it keeps pace with the expectations of our stakeholders.
technology and innovative,•,We will incorporate the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate Related Financial
product development to,,Disclosures.
support our customer’s,•,"We determine where to manufacture product considering source location of raw materials,"
climate change targets.,,"capacity and capability of the PWR factory, and destination of the final product."