=== Page 6 ===
About this Report
Welcome to our 2025 Annual Report
This report covers PEXA global operations and its 
controlled entities (collectively ‘the PEXA Group’, or ‘the 
Group’) for the financial  year ended 30 June  2025.
References to 2025, the year, period or FY25 are to the 
financial  year ended 30 June  2025. References to 2024, 
comparative period or FY24 are to the financial  year 
ended 30 June  2024. All monetary amounts are subject 
to rounding and are reported in Australian dollars, unless 
otherwise stated.
A glossary of key terms is provided at the end of this report.
Additional documents
PEXA’s Annual Report should be read in conjunction 
with the other materials that comprise our 2025 
annual reporting suite. These are available at our online 
Investor Centre .
•2025 Full Year Results – Appendix 4E
•2025 Full Year Results ASX Announcement
•2025 Full Year Results Investor Presentation
•2025 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Our 2025 Corporate Governance Statement is 
included in this report and discloses how we have 
complied with the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s 
‘Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations 
– 4th edition’.
Our 2024 Modern Slavery Statement provides an overview 
of how we identify, manage and mitigate modern slavery 
risks in our operating and supply chains and can be found at 
Reports Policies and Publications | PEXA Group .
Our 2025 Modern Slavery Statement will be released later 
this calendar year.
Non-IFRS financial  information
Measures included in this report incorporate ‘non-IFRS 
financial  information’ presented under ASIC Regulatory 
Guide 230 ‘Disclosing non-IFRS financial  information’. 
Management believes this non-IFRS financial  information 
provides useful information to users in measuring the 
financial  performance and condition of the Group. The 
non-IFRS financial  information does not have standardised 
meanings prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards.Assurance
The Remuneration Report on pages 68 to 89 and 
Financial Statements on pages 100  to 164  have been 
audited by Ernst & Young. The assurance statement for the 
Financial Statements and Remuneration Report is on pages 
159  to 164  .
Independent limited assurance has been provided over 
our Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Ernst 
& Young’s limited assurance statement is included on 
pages 44 to 45 of this Annual Report. We expect 
to extend external assurance over key components 
within our climate-related disclosures reporting as part 
of our compliance with the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards.
Forward looking statements
This Annual Report contains general information, in 
summary form, about PEXA and its activities as at 
29 August  2025. It is not complete and should not be relied 
upon as financial  advice. Investors should consider their 
individual investment objectives, financial  situation and if 
professional advice should be gained, when deciding if an 
investment is appropriate for them.
This Annual Report may contain forward-looking 
statements or opinions regarding our current intent 
or expectations of PEXA Group business operations, 
performance and market conditions. Forward looking 
statements may be identified  by the use of terms such as; 
“believe”, “estimate”, “plan”, “project”, “anticipate”, “expect”, 
“goal”, “target”, “intend”, “likely”, “may”, “will”, “could” or 
“should” or other similar expressions, or by discussions 
of strategy, plans, objectives, targets or goals. Such 
statements are predictive in nature and may be affected 
by inaccurate assumptions or unknown future risks and 
uncertainties. Accordingly, as results ultimately achieved 
may differ materially, they should not be relied upon when 
making investment decisions. No representation is made as 
to their correctness and no undertaking is given to issue 
any revisions to reflect  future events or circumstances.
PEXA Group Limited Annual Report 2025

=== Page 10 ===
Business Highlights
The business has made good progress in delivering its strategy in FY25, demonstrating its 
resilience amid uncertain macroeconomic conditions.
Our focus has been on uplifting the performance of each business within PEXA: delivering operational excellence in our 
core Australian Exchange business, building a transferable, efficient  and industry-leading platform in our International 
business and scaling our Insights businesses within the Digital Solutions portfolio. We have underpinned this with continued 
investment in our people, and our FY25 results are the product of their dedication and passion to improve the property 
market ecosystem.
THE AUSTRALIAN EXCHANGE
•Invested $34 million in core infrastructure improvements to resilience and implementing new features.
•$5 trillion in property transactions passed through the exchange since inception, with $1 trillion transacted for the first 
time in a financial  year.
•12 additional API connections were delivered, enabling operational efficiencies  for our customers.
•Completed national coverage via Tasmania in FY25 and Northern Territory in August 2025.
•Achieved net zero for scope 1 and scope 2 emissions based on our FY24 greenhouse gas inventory, with Melbourne, 
Sydney and Leeds offices  operating on 100% renewable energy.
INTERNATIONAL
•Received approval from UK Financial Conduct Authority to become an Authorised Payment Institution in the UK.
•Finalised delivery of the PEXA UK platform which enabled the first  digital Purchase Transaction in the UK.
•Progressed UK lender engagement, signing a formal commitment with NatWest to proceed with an 
implementation program.
•Completed integration of Smoove and saw an uplift in performance of Optima Legal.
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS
•Solid revenue growth driven primarily by .id and Value Australia businesses (together, “Insights”).
•Established critical foundations to transform and scale the Insights business.
•>95% customer retention and >85% annuity style revenue in Insights.
•Achieving commercialisation maturity with the Automated Valuation Model as a result of ongoing innovation and 
strategic partnerships, resulting in expansion of Tier 1 banking customers.
•In August 2025, a strategic review of Digital Solutions was announced to assess its fit within the broader PEXA Group.
PEXA Group Limited Annual Report 2025 4

=== Page 47 ===
Overview Our 
BusinessDirectors' 
ReportRemuneration 
ReportCorporate 
GovernanceAuditor's 
Independence 
DeclarationFinancial 
StatementsShareholder 
informationGlossary
Environment
We are committed to protecting our natural assets for future generations by supporting 
sustainable communities, managing carbon emissions and climate risk and instilling a 
sustainability minded culture across our global team.
Material Topics FY25 Progress Status
Climate
Align climate response 
with ASRS•Management of climate-related risks and opportunities embedded into 
business units to support readiness for new reporting requirements
•Steering Committee established
Develop climate 
disclosures 2025•FY25 Climate Disclosures Report released
Transition plan for a 
changing climate.•Risk/opportunity assessments complete
•Implemented ongoing monitoring processes
Carbon and energy
Net zero scope 1&2 by FY25 •Achieved net zero scope 1&2 emissions
Switch to renewable electricity •100% renewable: Melbourne, Sydney, West Village Leeds
Scope 3 reduction strategies •Supplier engagement commenced for value chain data
Expand emissions assurance •Emissions assurance expanded to Scope 3
Sustainable communities
Expand sustainability 
impact metrics•Expanded social and environmental reporting metrics
•Overall emissions reduction: 3,740.8 tonnes net
•Total electricity use: 502 MWh
•97,660 kWh GreenPower, 34,138 kWh  carbon-neutral electricity
Reduce waste & 
increase recycling•Recycling rates: Melbourne 53%, Sydney 76%, Leeds 37%
•Implemented recycling campaigns
•100% compostable catering packaging requested
Nature & biodiversity approach •Developed risk assessment scope
Embed our sustainability culture •UK Sustainability Champions Network launched
•3 ESG internal events
•2 ESG all-team engagements
KEY
 Continuing
 Achieved
PEXA Group Limited Annual Report 2025 41

=== Page 49 ===
Overview Our 
BusinessDirectors' 
ReportRemuneration 
ReportCorporate 
GovernanceAuditor's 
Independence 
DeclarationFinancial 
StatementsShareholder 
informationGlossary
Metrics and Targets – Net zero scope 1 & 2
ScopeGHG Protocol 
Category DescriptionGross Emissions 
FY2025 (tCO2-e)
Scope 1 Scope 1 Direct emissions from fuel combustion, chemical processing 
or fugitive emissions0.49
Scope 2 Scope 2 Indirect emissions from purchased electricity, heat 
and steam199.5
Scope 3 Category 1 Purchased goods & services 7,094.85
Scope 3 Category 2 Capital goods 59.27
Scope 3 Category 3 Fuel and energy related activities 29.50
Scope 3 Category 5 Waste generated in operations 5.25
Scope 3 Category 6 Business travel 1,242.59
Scope 3 Category 7 Employee commuting 576.5
Scope 3 Category 8 Upstream leased assets 162.46
T otal 9,370.5
PEXA achieved net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions in FY25, 
based on our FY24 greenhouse gas inventory. As part of 
our net zero plan, our Melbourne headquarters, Sydney, and 
West Village Leeds offices  operate on 100% renewable 
electricity (97,660 kWh GreenPower and 34,138 kWh of 
carbon-neutral electricity), eliminating 120 tonnes of CO2-e 
annually2. We expect to move further offices  to renewable 
in FY26.
Our independently assessed FY25 gross emissions 
profile  was:
•Scope 1:  0.49 tonnes (<1% of total emissions)
•Scope 2:  199.5 tonnes (market based, 2% of 
total emissions)
•Scope 3:  9170.5 tonnes (largest contributor at 98% of 
total emissions)Our total gross carbon footprint was 9,370.5 tonnes, 
with total electricity consumption of 502MWh. Our net 
emissions totalled 9,332.3 tonnes, a decrease of 3,740.8 
tonnes from FY24, using the market based methodology 
which better reflects  our efforts to purchase lower-
emissions electricity. Our scope 2 location-based emissions 
were 319. tCO2-e. Our net emissions reduced in FY25 
compared to FY24 as a result of us improving our 
scope 3 spend data sources and how we categorise 
our data under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol categories 
and the use of supplier-specific  emissions factors, as 
well as using GreenPower and Carbon neutral electricity. 
Our largest scope 3 categories remain Information and 
Communication Technology Services and Professional 
services, contributing 48% and 18% respectively of our 
gross footprint (category 1). We have begun to engage 
directly with our largest suppliers to better understand 
our scope 3 emissions and their decarbonisation efforts. 
Through engagement with one of our largest Information 
and Communication Technology providers, we were able 
to source portfolio-specific  emissions data and reduce 
over 1,400 tonnes in our scope 3 emissions allocation for 
that supplier. We will continue to directly source supplier-
specific  data where possible. In FY25, limited assurance 
expanded to include scope 3 emissions, refer to pages 44
to 45. Our relevant emissions categories are tabulated 
below aligned to the Greenhouse Gas protocol. More details 
are on the group website.
2Emissions reductions through the purchase of renewable electricity are aligned to the market-based method.
PEXA Group Limited Annual Report 2025 43

=== Page 50 ===
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited  
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation  
Independent Limited Assurance Report  to the 
Management and Directors of PEXA  Group Limited  
Our Conclusion:  
Ernst & Young (‘EY’, ‘we’) were engaged by PEXA  Group Limited (‘PEXA’)  to undertake a limited assurance 
engagement as defined by Australian  Auditing Standards, hereafter referred to as a ‘review’, over the Subject Matter 
defined below for the year ended  30 June 202 5. Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we 
have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe the Subject Matter has not been prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance  with the Criteria defined below.  
What  our review covered  
We reviewed  the following Subject Matter  as presented 
within PEXA ’s FY25 Annual Report (the ‘Report’ ): 
►Total  Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions in tonnes
of carbon dioxide equivalent (t CO 2-e)
►Total Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions (t CO 2-e)
(measured on a location -based and market -based
approach)
►Total Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions (t CO 2-e).
Criteria applied by PEXA  
In preparing the Scope 1 , 2 and 3  greenhouse gas 
emissions (t CO 2-e), PEXA  applied the  following Criteria: 
►PEXA’s own publicly disclosed criteria as detailed in
the Basis of Preparation, with reference to :
►The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised
Edition) .
►Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard .
Key responsibilities 
PEXA ’s responsibility 
PEXA’s  management is responsible  for selecting the 
Criteria , and for presenting the Scope 1 , Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions (t CO 2-e) in 
accordance with that Criteria, in all material respects. 
This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining 
internal controls, maintaining adequate records and 
making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of 
the subject matter, such that  it is free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
EY’s responsibility and independence  
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the 
Subject Matter based on our review.  
We have complied with the independence and relevant 
ethical requirements, which are founded on 
fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, 
professional competence and due care, confidentiality 
and professional behaviour.  
The firm applies Auditing Standard ASQM 1  Quality 
Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews 
of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or 
Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements , which requires the firm to design, implement and 
operate a system of quality management including 
policies or procedures regarding compliance with 
ethical requirements, professional standards and 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
Our approach  to conducting the review  
We conducted this review  in accordance with the 
Australian Auditing and Assurance Standards Board’s 
Australian Standard on Assurance Engagements Other 
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information (‘ASAE3000’ ) and the terms of reference for 
this engagement as agreed with PEXA  on 19 February 
2025 . That standard requires that we plan and perform 
our engagement to express a conclusion on whether 
anything has come to our attention that causes us to 
believe that the Subject Matter is not prepared, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the Criteri a, and to 
issue a report.  
Summary of review procedures performed  
A review consists of making enquiries, primarily of 
persons responsible for preparing the Scope 1 , Scope 2 
and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions (t CO 2-e) and 
related informatio n and applying analytical and other 
review procedures.  
The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures 
selected depend on our judgement, including an 
assessment of the risk of material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error. The procedures we 
performed included, but were not limited to:  
►Conducted interviews with personnel to understand
the business and reporting process
►Conducted interviews with key personnel to
understand the process for collecting, collating and
reporting the Subject Matter during the reporting
period
►Assessed that the calculation criteria have been
correctly applied in accordance with the
methodologies outlined in the Criteria
►Undertook analytical review procedures to support
the reasonableness of the data
►Identified and tested assumptions supporting
calculations
We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our review  conclusion.  PEXA Group Limited Annual Report 2025 44