=== Page 4 ===
3
Sustainability 
frameworkStakeholder 
engagementSustainability  
governanceValuing  
our planetEnabling  
our peopleConnecting 
customers and 
communitiesNon-financial 
metricsIndependent 
assurance report
Qantas Group Sustainability Report 2024Contents
This Sustainability Report has been prepared for the purpose of providing investors, and other stakeholders,  
with information regarding our approach to sustainability issues related to our business. It has not been prepared 
as financial or investment advice or to provide any guidance in relation to the future performance of Qantas.
This Report contains forward-looking statements and statements of opinion. These may include statements 
regarding sustainability plans and strategies, the impact of climate change and other sustainability issues, 
energy transition scenarios, actions of third parties, and external enablers such as technology development 
and commercialisation (including with respect to sustainable aviation fuels), policy support, market support, 
and energy and offsets availability. Words such as “continue”, “ambition”, “target”, “goal”, “expect”, “plan to” and 
other similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements which discuss future expectations 
concerning sustainability, including climate change and energy transition scenarios and outcomes.
Any such statements are made only as at the date of this Report. The forward-looking information in this  
Report is based on management’s expectations and reflects judgments, assumptions, estimates and other 
information available as at the date of this Report and/or the date of Qantas’ planning or scenario analysis 
processes. There are inherent limitations in scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the 
scenarios might eventuate. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, 
correct and may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions 
disclosed. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on such statements, particularly in light of the long time horizon which this Report discusses 
and the inherent uncertainties and limitations associated with measuring greenhouse gas emissions data, and 
uncertainty around possible policy, market and technological developments. References to the forward-looking 
information in this Report are estimates only, and readers should not place undue reliance on such information.
No representation or warranty is made regarding the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the  
forward-looking statements or opinions contained in this Report, or the assumptions on which either is based.  
All such information by its nature, involves significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
many of which are subject to significant uncertainties outside of the control of Qantas, and actual results, 
circumstances and developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Report.  
Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, Qantas does not undertake to publicly update or review  
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. To the maximum  
extent permitted by law, Qantas and its officers do not accept any liability for any loss arising from the use  
of the information contained in this Report.Chair’s message 4
CEO’s message 5
FY24 sustainability milestones  6
About the Qantas Group 7
About this Report 9
Stakeholder engagement  11
Sustainability framework  15
Sustainability governance  17
Valuing our planet  20
Climate action 22
Protecting nature  46
Reducing waste through circularity 50
Enabling our people 53
Supporting our people to feel safe and valued 55
Enhancing inclusion and diversity  67
Respect for human rights 76
Connecting customers and communities 78
Connecting the regions 81
Supporting communities  83
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander partnerships 85
Non-financial metrics  86
Independent assurance report  90Overview

=== Page 10 ===
9
Sustainability 
frameworkStakeholder 
engagementSustainability  
governanceValuing  
our planetEnabling  
our peopleConnecting 
customers and 
communitiesNon-financial 
metricsIndependent 
assurance report
Qantas Group Sustainability Report 2024About this Report
Purpose 
The purpose of this Report is to provide stakeholders 
with a comprehensive update on progress against our 
sustainability targets and on key actions undertaken in 
FY24 under each area of our Sustainability Framework. 
The Framework includes the social and environmental 
sustainability issues of most importance to Qantas and  
our stakeholders, and those where we can have the  
greatest impact.
Report scope and boundary
Unless otherwise stated, this Sustainability Report 
(Sustainability Report or Report) covers the period  
1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 (FY24) for Qantas Airways 
Limited and its wholly owned entities. These entities 
form the Group’s respective business segments, 
including  Qantas International (including Qantas Freight), 
Qantas Domestic (including QantasLink and Network 
Aviation), Qantas Loyalty and Jetstar Group (including 
Jetstar Airways and where specified Jetstar Asia).  
All financial data is in Australian dollars, except  
where explicitly  stated.
In this Report, the terms ‘Qantas’, ‘Qantas Group’,  
‘the Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’,  
‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to Qantas Airways Limited  
and its wholly owned entities unless stated otherwise.  
This Report contains information for the Group as at the 
date of this Report.
Assurance 
KPMG has provided Limited Assurance over our materiality 
assessment and selected sustainability metrics for 
the period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024. The Assurance 
Statement can be found on pages 90 to 92.Overview
1. Legislation was approved by the Senate on 22 August 2024 and passed by the House of Representatives on 9 September 2024.Future reporting requirements
The Australian Government has mandated the inclusion of 
a sustainability report (focusing on climate related financial 
disclosures) in a company’s Annual Report.1 The disclosure 
requirements have been set out in legislation, with the 
Australian Accounting Standards Board expected to issue the 
final Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (these have 
not been issued as at the date of this Report). Qantas’  
first reporting year under these Standards will be FY26.
During FY24, we engaged an external consultant to 
undertake a gap assessment and road map to help Qantas 
prepare for the incoming mandatory climate-related financial 
disclosure requirements. This assessment considered the 
requirements contained in the exposure draft Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS 2) Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures. This work supports the development 
of the Group’s reporting strategy to help us align with ASRS 2 
once finalised. 
The legislation also provides that, in the periods prior to 1 July 
2030, the audit and assurance requirements will be phased 
in under a timeline developed by the Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board (AUASB). On 20 March 2024, the AUASB 
released a consultation paper on assurance over climate and 
other sustainability information, which set out the proposed 
assurance phasing model for this period. In light of these 
developments, we are taking a staged assurance approach 
which aims to progressively expand the scope of assurance 
over our sustainability disclosures.
For our FY24 Sustainability Report, sustainability governance 
disclosures were subject to limited assurance for the first time 
and Scope 1 and 2 emissions went from limited to reasonable 
assurance. In line with the expected ASRS 2, we have also 
included a section on climate governance, provided updated 
scenario analysis (using four scenarios) and included a 
detailed section on physical and transition risks.

=== Page 11 ===
10
Sustainability 
frameworkStakeholder 
engagementSustainability  
governanceValuing  
our planetEnabling  
our peopleConnecting 
customers and 
communitiesNon-financial 
metricsIndependent 
assurance report
Qantas Group Sustainability Report 2024Global Reporting Initiative
This Report has been prepared with reference to the  
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. The GRI  
Content Index can be found in the Report appendix 
(available on the Qantas Group Investor Centre website).
United Nations Global Compact 
The 10 Principles of United Nations Global Compact  
(UNGC) are derived from the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights, the International Labour Organization’s 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, 
the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, and 
the United Nations Convention Against Corruption. Qantas 
joined the UNGC in 2017 and is a member of the UNGC 
Network Australia.
United Nations Sustainable Development  Goals 
The 17 UN SDGs are key to the UN’s 2030 Agenda for a 
better future for people and the planet. Our Sustainability 
Framework aims to support the achievement of the UN 
SDGs. We recognise that there are some SDGs where  
we have a greater ability to influence environmental  
and social outcomes. These are included in the list of 
material sustainability topics on page 16, referenced  
at the beginning of each key section of the Report and 
included in  the Report appendix.
Task Force on Climate-related  
Financial Disclosures 
The Financial Stability Board (FSB) created the TCFD to 
develop recommendations on the information companies 
should disclose related to climate change. In December 
2017, Qantas Group publicly declared our support for  
the TCFD and its recommendations. Recommendations 
of the TCFD are included in the Climate action section 
of Report, with details on how the Qantas Group makes disclosures against the TCFD’s recommendations  
in the Report  appendix.
Taskforce on Nature-related  
Financial Disclosures
The Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures 
(TNFD) is a market-led, science-based and government-
supported global initiative. It aims to create a global 
framework to help organisations manage and disclose 
their nature-related risks and opportunities. The TNFD 
framework aims to provide for the disclosure of better 
quality information on nature to improve enterprise and 
portfolio risk management.
The Australian Government has supported the design  
and development of the TNFD global framework, with 
funding and as a member of the TNFD Stewardship  
Council since November 2021.
Qantas supports the TNFD and has used its final published 
recommendations and framework to help understand our 
impacts and dependencies on nature and to develop our 
Nature Action Plan (NAP). More information on page 46.
Climate Action 100+ 
Climate Action 100+, is an investor-led initiative, focused on 
companies it views as key to driving the transition to global 
net zero emissions. Qantas is one of 166 focus companies 
selected for engagement. Qantas engages with Climate 
Action 100+, and the climate change section of this Report 
is aimed at supporting Climate Active’s annual benchmark.
United Nations Sustainable 
Development  GoalsGlobal sustainability frameworks and  commitmentsOverview
More information:  For more information or if you 
would like to provide feedback on this Report, 
please contact: sustainability@qantas.com.au

=== Page 14 ===
13
Overview Valuing  
our planetEnabling  
our peopleConnecting 
customers and 
communitiesNon-financial 
metricsIndependent 
assurance report
Qantas Group Sustainability Report 2024Aviation industry partnerships and  memberships
Other partnerships and  memberships2
 —Asian Leadership Project
 —Australian Business Integrity Council
 —Australian Disability Network
 —Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation
 —Australian Red Cross
 —Beyond Blue
 —Bioenergy Australia (BA)
 —Board of Airline Representatives  
New Zealand (BARNZ)
 —Business Council of Australia (BCA)
 —Carbon Markets Institute
 —Champions of Change
 —Chief Executive Women
 —Climate Leaders Coalition
 —Corporate Mental Health Alliance
 —Converge (Employee Assistance Program)
 —Diversity Council of Australia
 —Integrity Health and Safety
 —Pride in Diversity
 —Royal Aeronautical Society Australian Division
 —The Resilience Project
 —Sustainable Aviation Fuel Alliance of Australia  
and New Zealand (SAFAANZ)
 —Tourism and Transport Forum (TTF)
 —United Nations Global Compact Network Australia  
(UN GCNA)
 •UN GCNA Bribery Prevention Network
 •UN GCNA Modern Slavery Community 
of PracticeThe Group is a member of trade and industry organisations in Australia and internationally. Membership of these organisations 
enables the Group to promote priorities collectively with government and regulators as an industry. These organisations also 
play a key role in developing best practices in health, safety, security and environmental performance.
1. oneworld media release: one world member airlines commit to net zero carbon emissions by 2050  2. This list is not exhaustive and 
includes many of our key partnerships and memberships. It does not include localised/smaller partnerships and memberships.one world
In September 2020, the one world Alliance became  
the first airline alliance in which all member carriers 
committed to net zero emissions by 2050.1
We are a member of one world’s Environmental 
Sustainability Board which comprises sustainability 
representatives from the one world  Alliance.
International Civil Aviation Organization
International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO)  
is a specialised agency of the United Nations that 
establishes internationally aligned aviation standards 
to realise safe, secure and sustainable air operations, 
including efforts to prevent human trafficking. We have 
participated in government consultation regarding 
proposed ICAO measures to combat human trafficking.
Airlines for Australia and New Zealand 
Airlines for Australia and New Zealand (A4ANZ)  
is the peak airline industry group that represents 
airlines based in Australia and New Zealand. A4ANZ 
advocates on key public policy issues affecting the  
aviation sector, including  sustainability.Sustainability  
governanceSustainability 
frameworkStakeholder 
engagement
More details on partnerships and memberships 
can be found in the Report appendix.International Air Transport Association
Qantas is a member of the International Air Transport 
Association (IATA) and is represented on four Advisory 
Councils including Operations (Chair), Security (Chair), 
Industry Affairs and Industry Financial.
Qantas is represented on various IATA working groups  
and traffic conferences, where we actively contribute  
to the development of international standards and  
practices for global airlines.
IATA provides us with an essential link to aviation health  
and safety issues internationally. Qantas representatives  
sit on many IATA safety and health committees to share  
our experiences and learn from others. We also share 
incident data through an IATA exchange forum enabling  
us to see details about severe accidents and emerging 
safety trends from airlines around the world.
Qantas has signed IATA 25by2025, an initiative to help 
address gender imbalance across the industry.