=== Page 4 ===
Qube FY25 Sustainability Report3Contents
Disclaimers 3
Managing Director’s message 4
About Qube 6
Safety 9
Strengthening our safety performance 10
Focused on continual improvement 11
Wellbeing 14
Our people 14
A diverse and inclusive workplace 15
Innovate Reconciliation Action Plan 
2025-202720
Training and development 21Performance 25
ESG governance, regulation  
and reporting25
Governance 27 
Risk management 29 
Climate-related scenario analysis 31
Internal controls and assurance 31
Planet: Decarbonisation,  
climate risk, resilience and 
environmental management 32
Strategy 32
Metrics and targets 42
Environmental management 46
 Opportunity 49
Innovating for the future 49 
Human rights and modern slavery 52
Investing in our communities 54
Industry leadership and advocacy 55
Appendices 57
Appendix 1: GRI content index 57 
Appendix 2: Climate reporting index 61
Appendix 3: Climate scenarios 62
Appendix 4 Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions (absolute and intensity)62
No reliance on this document
This document was prepared by Qube Holdings Limited 
(ACN 149 723 053) (referred to as “Qube”, which includes 
its controlled entities). While Qube has endeavoured to 
ensure the accuracy of the information contained in this 
document at the date of publication, it contains information 
in summary form only and it may contain information that 
has not been independently verified. Qube is not under 
any obligation to update or keep current the information 
contained within this document. Information contained 
in this document may have changed since its date of 
publication.
Qube makes no representation or warranty (express or 
implied) as to the accuracy, currency, completeness or 
reliability of the information contained in this document. 
This document is not intended to be relied upon as advice 
to investors or potential investors.  Investors should seek 
qualified advice before making investment decisions.  
Statements about the future
This document contains “forward-looking statements”. 
The words “expect”, “anticipate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, 
“could”, “may”, “predict”, “plan”, “propose”, “will”, “believe”, 
“forecast”, “estimate”, “goals”, “objectives”, “aims”, “target”, 
“aspirational” and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and 
guidance or outlook on, future states of affairs are also 
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on current 
beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and 
projections of Qube as at the date of this document. They 
are not guarantees or predictions of future performance, 
and involve both known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors, many of which are beyond Qube’s 
control. Actual results or developments may differ 
materially from those expressed in this document. 
Qube cautions against reliance on any forward-looking 
statements or guidance. Except as required by applicable 
regulations or by law, Qube does not undertake to update 
these forward-looking statements (or scenario analysis) to 
reflect events or circumstances arising after publication. 
Past performance cannot be relied on as an indication of 
future performance. 
No liability
T o the maximum extent permitted by law in each relevant 
jurisdiction, Qube and its directors, officers, employees, 
agents, contractors, advisors and any other person 
associated with the preparation of this document, each 
expressly disclaim any liability, including, without limitation, 
any liability arising from fault or negligence, for any errors 
or misstatements in, or omissions from, this document or 
any direct, indirect or consequential loss however arising 
from the use or reliance upon the whole or any part of this 
document or otherwise arising in connection with it.Disclaimers

=== Page 5 ===
Qube FY25 Sustainability Report4Managing Director’s message
I am pleased to present Qube’s FY25 
Sustainability Report, which details the 
significant program of work our team has 
delivered throughout the year across the 
priority areas of our Plan to Thrive.Safety  is the first of those priority areas, and in FY25 
we achieved a strong performance in this critically 
important area. One of the highlights from our 
2025 Employee Survey was that 94% of our people 
surveyed indicated that they understand their roles and 
responsibilities in creating a safe work environment. I am 
personally very proud of the strong safety culture we 
have built at Qube. 
That culture, together with a continued focus on critical 
risk management, the strengthening of our Safety 
Leadership program and the launch of our BeSafe 
program, among other measures, saw us achieve a 14% 
reduction in our T otal Recordable Injury Frequency Rate 
(TRIFR) in FY25, compared with the prior year (from 
7.81 to 6.71). At the same time, both our lost time injury 
frequency rate (LTIFR) and our critical injury frequency 
rate (CIFR) also remained below our target of 1.0  
(at 0.69 and 0.62 respectively).
The physical and psychological Wellbeing  of our people 
is a significant area of focus. We work hard to foster an 
engaging and inclusive workplace, and this year’s report 
highlights the measures we are taking to improve female 
participation, create employment pathways for veterans, 
young people and people from diverse backgrounds 
and abilities into the business, and to advance the cause 
of reconciliation with First Nations people in Australia 
and to celebrate Māori culture in New Zealand. 
FY25 also saw us mark our second annual Thrive 
Awards – recognising the outstanding contribution 
of Qube team members who embody our values 
of Integrity, Reliability and Inclusion. You can read 
more about the 2024 winners of these awards in the 
Wellbeing chapter of this report. 
New climate-related mandatory reporting standards will 
necessitate changes to some elements of our reporting 
from FY26 and the Performance  and Planet  sections 
of this year’s Sustainability Report, detail the significant 
program of work the business is undertaking to prepare 
for these new standards, while continuing to focus on 
the practical task of decarbonising our operations. 
We work in a hard-to-abate industry; however, we 
remain focused on reducing carbon emissions where 
operationally and technologically feasible, through 
operational efficiency, renewable energy and alternative 
fuels, while embedding climate considerations across 
our operations and value chain.
In FY25, we continued to test and trial a host of new and 
emerging technology solutions to help our business and 
our industry identify potential long-term solutions to the 
decarbonisation challenge. This includes trialling the use 
of a conventional diesel-powered concentrate haulage 
truck, which was converted into a battery-swap electric  14%
Reduction in our total 
recordable injury frequency 
rate compared with FY24 
 17%
Reduction in operational 
emissions intensity1
94%
Of respondents to our 
employee survey said they 
understand their roles and 
responsibilities in creating a 
safe work environment 101%
Increase in female 
managers in Australia  
since 2020
$8.9m+
Spend with First Nations 
suppliers
More than  
$1.2m
Invested across our 
operations in sponsorships, 
partnerships and 
community-based 
initiatives
1  tCO2-e/$M revenue. Refer to the metrics and targets section of 
the Planet chapter and Appendix 4 for further detail

=== Page 6 ===
Qube FY25 Sustainability Report5Managing Director’s message (continued)
vehicle (BEV), hydrogen supplement trials, fuel-efficient 
tyre trials and the conversion of various forms of small 
equipment and light vehicles to electric vehicles. 
Our overall operational emissions intensity declined 
by 17% year-on-year; however, our Scope 1 and 2 
operational greenhouse gases increased by around 5% 
in FY25 compared with FY24. This is tied to business 
growth and operational activity, particularly in the 
Qube Logistics division, which saw a material uplift in 
railed grain tonnes. Rail freight is much less emissions 
intensive than road and Qube actively works with 
its customers to encourage the transition of freight 
volumes from road to rail, where feasible, to support the 
decarbonisation of the economy. 
In FY25, we commenced a review of our existing 
decarbonisation programs and targets, to inform the 
development of a new Qube group-level transition 
plan. This plan will include a structured decarbonisation 
roadmap addressing near to medium-term transition 
inputs in line with the new Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards, as well as responses to material 
climate-related risks and opportunities and will address 
Qube’s role in contributing to the value chain and 
economic transition. This work is ongoing. 
Finally, the Opportunity  chapter of this report details 
some of the important work our teams have delivered 
this year in cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence and the 
deployment of technology solutions to enhance the 
safety, efficiency and productivity of our operations. 
From wearable tech to protect the health and safety 
of our people, including those working in remote 
operations to Optical Character Recognition technology, 
Qube has always had an innovation mindset, and we 
continue to take an industry leading approach to the 
deployment of technology.
We are also focused on creating opportunity for the 
communities in which we work, and in FY25 we invested 
more $1.2 million across our operations in sponsorships, 
partnerships and community-based initiatives that help 
advance our diversity and inclusion objectives, support 
our people, or help make the communities in which we 
work even better. Some case studies from this work are highlighted in the following pages. 
Thank you for your interest in the sustainability 
performance of our business and thank you to the 
almost 10,000 people who put on a Qube uniform each 
and every day, who make the stories and achievements 
highlighted in this report possible, and who make  
Qube Thrive. 
Paul Digney
Managing Director

=== Page 8 ===
Our priorities
Value chainOur value chain
Qube delivers sustainable value to help our customers, investors and communities to
 Inputs
 Key markets
Logistics and Infrastructure
End-to-end import/ export services 
for containerised cargo, including 
transport, warehousing and freight 
forwarding.
 Strategic network linking ports to 
metro and regional areas.
 Key assets:
• AA T automotive and break-bulk 
terminals.
• Grain terminals and storage and 
handling infrastructure in NSW.
• IMEX and metro rail terminals. Value drivers
 A key enabler of national, state and regional economies.
 #1 or #2 in all key markets.
 50+ key services provided.
 Almost 10,000 employees working in over 200 locations 
across Australia, New Zealand and South-East Asia. Outcomes
 60+ logistics and infrastructure locations.
 100+ port locations.
 40+ bulk locations.
 >1,000 ha operational area.Customer serviceFinancial capacity
Containers 
import/exportAutomotive 
and general 
stevedoring Energy Agriculture ForestryNetwork
People Operational 
experienceCommunityStrategic 
assetsRobust 
businessPlanet Safety Performance Opportunity Wellbeing
Logistics and 
InfrastructurePorts 
and Bulk
Patrick TerminalsGroup 
expertiseEnvironmental 
focus
Relationships Governance
Project 
cargoResources
 2,500+ customers.
 More than $1.2 million invested annually 
in community-based partnerships and 
sponsorships.
 437KtCO2-e operational Scope 1 and 2 
emissions.Ports and Bulk 
 Non-containerised freight 
logistics across 100+ port and 
40+ bulk sites in Australia, NZ 
and SE Asia.
 Qube Ports: Custom solutions 
for bulk, container , automotive 
and general cargo, including 
forestry and energy.
 Qube Bulk: Full-service bulk 
handling –transport, stockpiling, 
mine resupply, and ship loading 
– specialising in large-scale 
exports.Patrick Terminals 
 Qube holds a 50% stake in Patrick, 
a leading Australian container 
stevedore.
 Operates in Melbourne, Sydney, 
Brisbane and Fremantle, covering 
4km of quay line with 25 cranes 
and 130 straddles, including two 
automated terminals.
 Holds long-term lease 
concessions.Our services and infrastructure