=== Page 5 ===
4 REA Group Ltd  |  Materiality Assessment 2025
Strategic Overlay
To further inform the prioritisation of our material topics we overlayed the potential strategic opportunities identified 
and REA’s current management approach. The topics were categorised into four groups: 
 – Protect:  These are material topics that are core to REA and already appropriately prioritised or require small uplift, 
so we will continue our prioritised management. 
 – Grow:  These are material topics that present opportunities to enhance our position, requiring increased effort and 
resources. 
 – Maintain:  These topics are important to REA and involve critical business as usual operations, compliance or require 
a policy-level approach, and we will sustain quality management practices
 – Monitor:  These topics are immaterial or emerging, we will keep an eye on the external environment for any changes. 
Material and Important Topic Definitions
Topic Definition Sub-topics
ProtectCustomer and 
consumer 
experienceEnsuring the customer and consumer journey 
is seamless, accessible and best in class. 
Continuously improving products and services 
to meet evolving customer and consumer 
expectations. – Product and service quality 
and affordability 
 – Customer and consumer trust 
and loyalty
 – Customer and consumer 
feedback and consultation 
 – Customer and consumer 
wellbeing
Employee 
experience Creating a work environment that embodies REA's 
culture and values by promoting work-life balance, 
offering learning and capability opportunities, 
supporting mental and physical wellbeing to 
attract and retain diverse talent.  – Talent attraction and retention 
 – Training and skills 
development
 – Employee engagement and 
wellbeing 
Diversity, 
equity and 
inclusionEnsuring our workforce reflects the diversity 
of the communities we serve, and fostering an 
inclusive culture where everyone feels valued and 
respected.
Responsible 
and ethical 
business 
practices Conducting business with integrity and fostering 
a strong ethical culture. – Anti-corruption and bribery 
 – Remuneration
 – Tax accountability 
 – Grievance mechanisms 
 – Political engagement and 
lobbying 
 – Anti-competitive behaviour 
Climate 
change Adapting to and mitigating the impacts of climate 
change and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities. – GHG emissions 
 – Climate resilience and 
adaptation 
 – Decarbonisation Materiality assessment
continued