=== Page 10 ===
extending to many other students through mentoring 
programs, birthday cards and the donation of Christmas 
gifts, laptops and other fundraising events. For child 
protection purposes and to ensure the privacy of the 
students we support, in FY25, we also undertook digital 
student profile checking. Additionally, in FY25, we invited 
all staff to join the Dream Run —The Smith Family’s 
month-long fitness and fundraising event. 
Governance
We have made significant progress on our ASRS 
implementation, including the development of a 
Climate Risks and Opportunities Register and the 
commencement of our climate scenario analysis. 
Our Management Sustainability Steering Committee 
continues to lead the strategic direction and 
implementation efforts, with oversight provided by the 
Audit and Risk Management Compliance Committee 
(ARMCC) to ensure accountability and transparency.SUSTAINABILITY
The FY25 Sustainability Report encompasses all owned 
retail centres. Our convenience-based retail centres 
are in urban and regional neighbourhoods across all 
states and territories and are visited by millions of 
people every year. Our purpose is supporting better 
communities through life’s essentials. To achieve 
this, we believe in owning retail centres that are 
economically and environmentally sustainable. Our 
centres, directly and indirectly, provide employment for 
thousands of people and help support the economic 
resilience of their local communities. Across every retail 
centre, our teams strive to ensure Region Group retail 
centres serve an essential role in their communities: 
working together with local people on local issues, 
supporting community initiatives and volunteering in 
community projects.
Additional details can be found in the  
FY25 Sustainability Report.Our sustainability strategy  
and approach
Marketplace Warner, QLDThe following three pillars underpin our sustainability 
strategy and approach, demonstrating Region 
Group’s values and commitment to delivering 
positive change in the wider environment and local 
communities we serve: 
Environment
We continue to progress towards our sustainability 
targets with further investment in solar PV 
generation made in FY25.
We have a target of 25MW of solar PV installed, 
under construction or in design by FY26, and we are 
currently on track to meet the target.
At the same time, we are rolling out embedded 
networks at a number of sites, thereby improving 
data availability for our Scope 3 GHG emissions 
reporting and providing access for retail partners 
to green energy. 
Social
We are also proud of the impact we have made in 
partnership with The Smith Family to improve the 
lives of young Australians. Over the last five years, 
128 students have received sponsorship annually as 
part of the Learning for Life program, with support Procurement          Transparency & Accountability
Clim
ate (Energy & Carbon)          Nature (Waste & Water)Essentially Local          Diversity & Inclusion          Health, Safety & Wellbeing
GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
SOCIALFY25 sustainability  
highlights   
$9.7M  
investment in solar PV 
generation, representing 5.6MW 
of new solar PV capacity
21.7MW
of solar PV across 33 sites 
installed and operational by  
the end of FY25
6
retail centre climate change 
impact assessments completed  
40:40:20
gender balance maintained 
(directors and total employees)
ASRS
working towards reporting 
under ASRS by the FY27 
mandatory deadline 
196
students supported  
through our partnership  
with The Smith Family
943
Stronger Communities events  
or initiatives held
17 16
FY25 Annual Report

=== Page 11 ===
• Reduction of 
gas through 
electrification
• Net Zero Scope 
1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions
• First Region 
Group 
Sustainability 
Strategy launched 
with 3 pillars
• First solar 
PV project 
commenced at 
Griffin Plaza
• 2.4MW solar PV 
added through 
acquisitions
• Commenced 
our first energy-
efficient Building 
Management 
Systems (BMS) 
project• 1.2MW solar 
PV generation 
installed
• Continued 
embedded 
network roll-
outs where solar 
PV is installed
• Install LED 
lighting to 
new property 
acquisitions
• Completed 
energy efficiency 
audit at Auburn 
Central
• Reduced our 
consumption by 
20% compared 
to FY19 on a like 
for like basis• 6.2MW solar 
PV generation 
capacity 
installed
• 100% LED 
lighting installed 
in all centres• 25MW total 
onsite solar 
PV generation 
installed, in 
design or 
construction 
commenced
• Continue 
replacing HVAC 
and other 
systems to 
eliminate ozone-
depleting R22 
refrigerant at the 
end of useful life• Continue to 
assess gas 
usage to 
determine most 
commercial way 
to reduce Scope 
1 GHG emissions• Eliminate all gas 
usage by FY40 
by replacing 
plant at end-of-
life with electric 
alternatives
• 0.2MW solar 
PV added to 
the portfolio
• Launched our 
Sustainability 
Strategy with 
6 pillars
• Committed to 
Net Zero Scope 
1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions 
by FY30
• LED lighting 
project 
commenced• 5.6MW solar 
PV generation 
installed
• Continued 
embedded 
network roll-
outs where solar 
PV is installed 
• Performed a 
review at our 
highest gas 
usage centres• 5.3MW solar 
PV generation 
installed
• 0.8MW solar PV 
added through 
acquisitions
• Commenced 
new embedded 
network roll-outs
• Investigated 
the feasibility 
of large-scale 
onsite electricity 
storageFY16 - 
FY20
FY21
FY23
FY30FY22
FY24
FY25
FY27 - 
FY28
FY30 - 
FY40FY26Reaching Net Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions by FY30 is a major target 
which requires planning and commitment, 
and includes being more energy efficient 
and increasing onsite renewable energy 
generation.These targets below are the next steps in our 
carbon reduction journey, which started in 
FY16. The timeline below details our biggest 
positive actions so far, and the major steps we 
are taking as part of our Sustainability Strategy  
to reach Net Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions by FY30. Pathway to Net Zero21.7MW across 33 
sites installed and 
operational by the 
end of FY25
19 18
FY25 Annual Report

=== Page 21 ===
Directors’ Report
For the year ended 30 June 2025Directors’ Report
For the year ended 30 June 2025 Region Group
Directors’ Report 
For the year ended 30 June 2025
 
 
10        |  
 Risk category Description and effect How Region manages and mitigates the risk 
our properties and other aspects of our 
business.   
 
Unsatisfactory performance of a key 
service provider could result in damage to 
our reputation and / or loss to security 
holders. that they are appropriately qualified, trained and have 
appropriate insurance. 
Technology and data 
security Our ability to prevent critical outages and 
respond to cyber security threats of our 
information systems is vital to our 
organisational residence and the 
information we hold. Region has measures in place to help protect the business, 
employees and its data from information technology 
security related threats. This includes protecting systems with 
appropriate software and conducting vulnerability testing, 
security event monitoring and training to identify and 
respond to threats.   
 
Region also tests technology disaster recovery plans and 
reviews information technology policies and procedures.   
Regulatory    
Changes in legislation or 
regulation Changes to supermarket legislation or 
regulation such as merger reform could 
impact or restrict acquisitions or 
divestments.  Region is an active member of relevant industry bodies that 
engage with the government at various levels of policy and 
reform. This enables the Group to stay well informed of 
possible changes which we consider as part of our business 
strategy.  
Human Resources    
People and culture Our future success depends on our ability 
to attract, retain and develop a 
motivated and high-performing 
workforce to deliver on our strategy while 
supporting our values. Region promotes an inclusive workforce, undertakes salary 
benchmarking to ensure competitive remuneration and 
performs regular performance reviews with staff including 
succession planning. 
As part of monitoring key risks, the ARMCC also considers emerging key risks. This includes risks which have the potential to 
disrupt the business in the future. Emerging risks include: glob al political issues, which could include changes in the cost or  
availability of capital as well as disrupted supply chains and retail sentiment resulting in  decreased retail sales.  
8. Business strategies and prospects for future financial years  
The Group’s core strategy is to invest in, manage and develop a geographically diverse portfolio of quality convenience-
based retail properties, anchored by long-t erm leases to quality tenants with a we ighting towards non-discretionary retail 
tenants, to achieve resilient cash flows and distributions to th e Group’s security holders. The Group achieves this by actions 
such as: 
 Maximising the net operating income from its existing properties. This may include increasing the average rent per 
square metre from specialty tenants over time, reducing vacant tenancies and controlling expenses 
 Optimising value through targeted reinvestment in the portfolio 
 Growth through deploying capita l into accretive opportunities 
 Maintaining a capital structure that balances the co st of capital with an appropriate risk profile 
Note that fair value movements in property valuations and derivative financial instruments, vo latility in interest and foreign 
exchange rates, and the availability of funding may have a ma terial impact on the Group’s results in future years.  
9. Environmental regulations 
The Directors of the Responsible Entity are satisfied that adequate systems are in place for the management of the Group’s 
environmental responsibility and compliance with various licence requirem ents and regulations. Further, the Directors of the 
Responsible Entity are not aware of any material breaches of these requirements, and to the best of their knowledge, all 
activities have been undertaken in compli ance with environmental requirements.   Region Group
Directors’ Report 
For the year ended 30 June 2025
 
 
11        |  
 10. Sustainability 
The Group understands that its impact on communities means ac ting on Environmental, Social and Governance risks. The 
Group has been measuring waste disposal and electrical energy  and water consumption since 2015 and has participated in 
industry benchmarking since 2016. As Australia’s largest owner (by number) of convenience-based retail properties, the 
Group has made significant progress to reduce its environmental impact and prog ress its social and governance goals. 
During FY25 the Group: 
 Invested $14.0 million in sustainability initiatives such as the installation of solar PV and embedded networks 
 Completed the installation of 5.6MW of solar PV  
 Completed six property climate risk assessments 
 Maintained a 40:40:20 gender split, and 
 Supported 196 students through our partnership with The Smith Family   
The Group has also set a range of sustainability targets incl uding to achieve Net Zero for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions by FY30. More information is pr ovided in the Group’s FY25 Sustainability Report which has been lodged with the 
ASX and can be found on the Group’s websit e at https://regiongroup.au/sustainability/. 
11. Indemnification and insurance of directors, officers and auditor 
The Group has Directors and Officers liabilit y insurance. The insurance contract prohib its disclosure of details relating to th e 
nature of the liabilities covered by the in surance, the limit of indemnity and the amount of the premiums paid under the 
policy.  
The Directors have been provided with a Deed  of Indemnity by Regi on RE Limited in its capacity as the Responsible Entity of 
the Management Trust and Retail Trust, which is intended, to the extent allowed by law, to indemnify the Directors against 
all losses or liabilities incurred by the person acting in thei r capacity as a Director. The Tr usts’ constitutions provide that , 
subject to the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), Region RE Limited has a right of inde mnity out of the assets of the Trusts in 
respect of any liability incurred by the Responsible Entity in prop erly performing any of its powers  or duties in relation to t he 
Trusts. 
The auditor of the Group is not indemnified by the Group. 
12. Auditor’s Independence Declaration  
A copy of the Auditor’s Independence Declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001  (Cth) is set 
out on page 74. 
13. Audit and non-audit fees 
Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (D eloitte Touche Tohmatsu) for audit and non-audit services 
provided are detailed in note D6 of the Financial Statements. 
The Directors are satisfied that the provision of any non-audit se rvices, during the year, by the auditor is compatible with th e 
general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
The Directors are of the opinion that the services disclosed in note D6 of the Financial Statements do not compromise the 
external auditor’s independence. In forming this view the fundamental principles relating to auditor independence as set 
out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants  issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethics Standards Board 
have been considered. 
 
39 38
FY25 Annual Report