=== Page 7 ===
At Ramsay, we believe business success 
and social impact go hand in hand.
Sustainability matters to our people, our patients 
and our doctors and we are committed to making 
a positive difference through our core operations.
Our Ramsay Cares strategy brings this commitment 
to life, focusing on three pillars: healthier people , 
a thriving planet  and stronger communities . It guides 
how we work together to build a responsible and 
resilient global business.
These priorities are integrated into Ramsay’s corporate 
plan and long -term growth strategy, supported by 
strong governance and transparent reporting.
Sustainability strategy
Learn more about our strategy at ramsayhealth.com/ramsaycares
Sustainable finance
Sustainability is embedded in how we manage capital and risk. 
Most of Ramsay’s Group funding is now linked to environmental 
and social performance through sustainability-linked loans. These 
financing arrangements hold us accountable to measurable goals, 
including emissions reduction, employee mental health and 
responsible sourcing.
83% of the Funding Group and 98% of Ramsay Santé loan 
facilities are sustainability linked (91% of total facilities as at 30 
June 2025, approximately A$6 billion).
The Funding Group introduced a Sustainability Deed Poll in August 
2024, creating an opportunity to readily convert a further A$850 
million of bilateral facilities to sustainability-linked facilities. 
By tying financial outcomes to our Ramsay Cares strategy, we 
are aligning capital decisions with long-term value creation and 
stakeholder expectations. In 2025, Ramsay won Environmental 
Finance’s Sustainability-linked Loan of the Year Award-corporate 
(APAC) in recognition of our continuous efforts to improve and 
deepen the sustainability finance framework.
People
Without people, healthcare doesn’t work. Our 
patients, doctors and clinicians, and our team all 
contribute to the Ramsay community. The/uni00A0Ramsay 
Way refers to ‘people caring for people’ and this is 
a fundamental part of delivering our world-class 
services to millions of people every year.
Planet
We know that a thriving planet is/uni00A0important to our 
health and wellbeing. Our services rely on/uni00A0a 
signiﬁcant amount of resources, such as energy, 
surgical equipment and consumables. Without 
thoughtful practices, these resources can cost our 
planet. We are focused on climate action and 
environmental performance across our value/uni00A0chain.
Community
In order to beneﬁt our patients and/uni00A0the broader 
community, we are focused on medical research 
and clinical teaching and training. Our hospitals and 
clinics also play an important role in their local 
communities, from providing important social 
infrastructure to creating employment opportunities.
Ramsay Health Care  Impact Report 2025
77

=== Page 8 ===
Sustainability roadmap
Improved reporting:
•  First GRI aligned report
•  First joint Modern  
Slavery Statement
Launched  
Ramsay Cares 
strategy and  
global approach 
Become a  
net zero  
business  
across our  
value chain
Scope 1+2+31Net 
Zero2020
Launched  
Ramsay Cares  
targets
Shared commitments:
• UN Global Compact
• Climate Leaders Coalition
• 40:40 Vision
Expanded reporting:
• Commenced aligning reporting  
to TCFD recommendationsSustainability‑ linked 
financing (extended 
in 2024)2021Committed to  
aligning with  
science ‑based  
net zero targets
Shared commitme nts:
• Accounting for  
Sustainability (A4S)Updated human  
rights and modern  
slavery approaches
Developed Global  
Responsible  
Sourcing Framework
2022
Updated Code  
of Conduct and  
DEI approaches
Ramsay Santé became 
a mission ‑driven 
companyNew Global  
Responsible  
Sourcing approach2023
Engage with 80%  
of suppliers by spend 
to encourage reduction 
of emissions in line 
with science‑aligned 
targets2028 2040Appointed inaugural 
Ramsay Santé  
Mission Committee
Shared commitme nts:
• Global Green & Healthy Hospitals
• Champions of Chang e CoalitionIncreased renewable 
energy target to 
10MW by FY29
2024Reduce greenhouse  
gas emissions by 42%
Scope 1+2, baseline 2020
2030 2025
Maintained 50:50 gender balance across senior leadership
Installed 6.5MW renewable energy projects
70% of suppliers (by spend) independently assessed on 
sustai nability
• Ramsa y UK launched second Social Impact Report 
• Ramsay Santé issued first Mission Company ReportOn track with near ‑term emission reduction target 
1. Ramsay’s ability to achieve the 2040 net zero target depends on factors including GHG reduction activity by suppliers, industry collaboration and government policy.
Ramsay Health Care  Impact Report 2025 88

=== Page 9 ===
The Ramsay Cares strategy outlines our global sustainability priorities and goals across people, planet and community.
These goals reflect the different stages of progress across regions, from established targets to newer areas where we are building capability and improving measurement. Progress is tracked 
through regular updates to the Global Sustainability Committee and overseen by the Group Executive and Board.
Tracking our goals
PRIORITY AREA STATUS
Clinical quality and excellence
100% accreditation for our facilities.  See page 21
Better than national quality benchmarks.  See pages 17, 19, 21
Maintain patient experience outcomes.  See page 21
People and culture
Maintain gender balance with Board composition of 40:40:20  
and maintain senior executive gender composition of 40:40:20. See page 29
Strong progress towards top quartile employee engagement.  See pages 24-30
Increase the development of our people through the Ramsay Global 
Leadership Academy. See pages 25, 26
Maintain focus on patient safety training.  See pages 21, 30
Maintain workplace safety performance.  See page 32
Train 3% of the workforce in mental health first aid by FY29.*  See page 30PRIORITY AREA STATUS
Climate action and environment
Maintain recycling rates and identify single -use plastic  
and waste reduction opportunities. See pages 38, 42
Identify new water saving opportunities.  See pages 42
Achieve a 10% reduction in energy intensity by FY29  
from a FY23 baseline.*  See pages 34, 41
Achieve a 12% reduction in greenhouse gas emission intensity by FY26.*  See pages 34, 41
Near term GHG emission target of 42% by FY30  
(2020 baseline, Scope 1 &2). See pages 34, 41
Install 10MW renewable energy projects by FY29.*  See page 34, 41
Undertake a comprehensive review of climate risk across our regions.  See page 52
Supporting communities
Continue to facilitate leading medical research and clinical trials in our 
facilities to advance patient and community health outcomes. See pages 22, 44
Partnerships focusing on promoting and advancing preventive health 
care and mental health. See page 44
Supporting local communities and promoting education  
and awareness of the importance of health and wellbeing. See pages 44, 45
Responsible sourcing
Achieve sustainability assessments covering 80% of external supplier 
spend by FY26.* See pages 47*Applies to wholly -owned entities. On track  Tracking behind
Ramsay Health Care  Impact Report 2025
99

=== Page 10 ===
Our global commitment
The United Nations Global Compact  calls on 
companies to align their operations and strategies 
with ten universally accepted principles in the 
areas of human rights, labour, anti-corruption 
and environment.
Ramsay’s Modern Slavery 
Statement  demonstrates our 
ongoing efforts and provide 
transparency on the steps 
taken to identify, prevent 
and address risks of modern 
slavery in our operations 
and supply chains.
Supporting the SDGsRamsay’s sustainability approach aligns 
with the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) – a global 
framework for advancing peace, prosperity 
and environmental stewardship.
The SDGs call for inclusive economic growth, social equity, 
access to health care and education, and urgent action on 
climate change. Achieving them requires collective effort 
from governments, business and civil society.
As a multinational healthcare provider, Ramsay contributes 
through practical actions that support healthier people, 
a thriving planet and stronger communities. These 
pillars guide our efforts to deliver care responsibly, build 
system resilience and create long -term value for the 
communities we serve.Sustainable Development Goals supported by Ramsay Cares initiatives
Good health and wellbeing: Focusing on 
healthier people through employee health 
and wellbeing, patient safety and clinical 
advancement.
Quality education:  Supporting the 
ongoing professional development 
of health professionals and providing 
pathways for people into health care.
Gender equality: Promoting gender 
equality through opportunities for women 
and achieving gender balance across 
senior leadership.
Decent work and economic growth: 
Creating employment opportunities, 
providing social infrastructure and 
facilitating investment in high quality health 
services. We also focus on reducing risks of 
modern slavery in our supply chains.Reduced inequalities: Prioritising 
preventive health care and supporting 
underserved communities through better 
access to quality health care.
Responsible consumption and 
production: Focusing on reducing waste, 
increasing recycling and sustainable 
procurement practices.
Climate action: Reducing greenhouse 
gas emissions (e.g. anaesthetic gas 
emissions) and improving energy efficiency 
across our facilities.
Partnerships for the Goals: Collaborating 
with local groups and organisations 
and participating in partnerships for 
wide ranging initiatives including health 
research and health workforce education.
Improving maternity care in Tanzania 
With support from Ramsay Australia, four midwives from Frances Perry House 
in Melbourne volunteered at Mt Meru Hospital in Arusha, Tanzania, working 
side-by-side with local teams to improve maternal and newborn care.
Over three weeks, they trained more than 100 midwives and doctors in 
neonatal resuscitation, donated vital equipment, including resuscitation 
kits, phototherapy lights and a fully stocked emergency trolley, and helped 
establish special care nurseries at five hospitals.
Ramsay Health Care  Impact Report 2025
1010

=== Page 11 ===
Material issuesMaterial issues are the sustainability topics 
that matter most to our stakeholders and 
may influence Ramsay’s performance, 
reputation and long‑term value.
We identify and prioritise these issues through 
regular stakeholder engagement and in line with the 
Materiality Map for healthcare delivery developed by the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (now part of 
the IFRS Foundation).
These issues were first integrated into our Annual Report 
in 2023 to strengthen alignment across our reporting. 
They are reviewed annually by the Global Sustainability 
Committee and no changes were made in FY25. 
Learn more about how we manage each of our material 
issues, why they are important and how they are measured 
at ramsayhe alth.com/ramsaycares . Clinical Quality  
and Excellence
Robust and resilient  
business model
Climate action and  
environmentPeople and culture
Integrated quality assets 
and infrastructure
Caring for communitiesData and digital
Good governance
Responsible sourcing• Quality, safety and patient  
experience
• Clinical outcomes
• Doctor and clinician wellbeing
• Research and development
Being able to deliver growth, clinical 
excellence and shareholder returns 
and effectively respond to disruption 
and changing models of care.
• Net zero emissions and climate risk
• Energy, water and resource use 
(including single-use)
• Waste and biodiversity• Cultural and engagement
• Global workforce challenges
• Safety, mental and physical  
wellbeing
• Diversity and inclusion
• Labour relations
• Growth and development pipelines 
and renewal
• Strategic investments
• Physical and digital infrastructure
Delivering for the local and global 
community through R&D, teaching 
hospitals, partnerships and the work 
of the foundations.• Digital transformation
• Cyber security
• Protecting data and privacy
• Transform/adapt systems and  
processes to support workforce 
and patient outcomes
Governance, transparency, risk  
management, business ethics, 
diversity, independence and tax 
transparency.
Responsible sourcing to improve 
social and environmental outcomes 
and supply chain transparency and 
traceability.
Ramsay Health Care  Impact Report 2025
1111