=== Table 1 (page 5) ===
,"As we enter this next chapter, I am"
"“Our new learning and development roadmap,",
,confident that Ridley is well-positioned
"aligned with our FY26 strategy, ensures we are",to continue to make progress on
,
building the future-fit skills our business needs,our Sustainability Commitments.
,"Our expanded capabilities, renewed"
to thrive.”,
,"focus, and clear strategic direction"
,provide a strong foundation from which
,to go forward. I am proud of what we
"Within the Effective Solutions pillar  
We expanded mental health training,",
,have achieved this year and excited
"we deepened our technical capabilities  
enhanced our diversity and inclusion",
,about the opportunities ahead.
"to support customers to reduce their 
initiatives, and increased our financial",
"environmental impact. We completed  
contributions to local communities.",
,"Thank you to our employees, partners,"
"life cycle assessments (LCAs) for key 
Our new learning and development",
,and customers for your continued
"products, trained our sales teams in 
roadmap, aligned with our FY26",
,support and shared commitment to
"emissions reduction strategies, and 
strategy, ensures we are building",
,building a more sustainable future.
"continued to support research into 
the future-fit skills our business",
"methane-reducing feed additives.  
needs to thrive.",
,"Sincerely,"
While FY25 marked our final year of,
"Looking ahead to FY26, we will update 
reporting against aquafeed targets",
"our sustainability baselines to reflect our 
due to our withdrawal from this market,",
"expanded operations and refresh our 
we achieved a 22.5% reduction in",
"strategy to ensure it remains aligned 
Fish-in Fish-out (FIFO) ratios, which",
"with stakeholder expectations and 
refer to the amount of wild fish used",
"regulatory developments. We are also 
to produce a certain amount of",
"preparing for a full Scope 3 emissions 
farmed fish).",Quinton Hildebrand
assessment and a more detailed,Chief Executive Officer
"scenario analysis of climate-related  
Through Meaningful Partnerships,",and Managing Director
"risks and opportunities.
we strengthened our commitment",
to our people and communities.,

=== Table 2 (page 11) ===
,FY25 GHG emissions derived from energy per tonne of finished product4,
Measure and reduce,,
greenhouse gas intensity,,
,CO2 emissions calculated,
of our operations,Baseline,
Optimising the energy used to power,"(FY23)5 
FY24",FY25
our mills continues to be a focus at,"Scope 1
52,910
53,821","57,081"
"Ridley. In FY25, our total Scope 1 GHG",,
,"Scope 2
52,147
48,612","50,977"
"emissions were 57,081 tCO₂-e, primarily",,
,"Total emissions
105,057
102,433","108,058"
from the natural gas and diesel used,,
in our operations. Our total Scope 2,"t CO2-e / kg finished product
56.58
54.11",53.49
"emissions were 50,977 tCO₂-e, resulting",,
,"% change from the baseline
4.4%",5.6%
from electricity consumption at our,,
operational sites and office locations.,,
These emissions were calculated in,,
"accordance with the GHG Protocol,",,
using emission factors from the National,,
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting,,
(NGER) Measurement Determination.,,
,Case study – Improving energy efficiency through thermal insulation,
Capital projects are enabling us,,
,Detailed assessments have shown that uninsulated pipes can lead to,
to reduce our energy consumption,,
,"significant thermal losses of up to 22%, presenting both economic and",
"and, as a result, our GHG emissions,",,
,"environmental costs to our business. As such, Ridley engaged a third party",
with 4 new projects added in FY25.,,
,to supply and install the thermal insulation across 15 of our operating sites,
Combined with the 15 projects approved,,
,"after successful trials at St Arnaud, Wellsford and Wasleys sites.",
"in FY24, our total capital expenditure",,
on energy reduction projects is now,,
,The project involved installing thermal insulation on pipework and associated,
$6.1 million. We completed 18 of these,,
,equipment identified using thermal imaging audits during normal operations,
"projects by the end of FY25, resulting",,
,at each mill.,
in an additional reduction of 1.2% GHG,,
emissions per tonne of finished product.,"While early indications are positive, we will use a third party auditor to",
This was achieved through a mix of,measure and verify the anticipated energy reduction 12 months after the,
"equipment upgrades and optimisation,",final installation.,
"thermal insulation, heat recovery,",,
data-driven solutions and,,
electrification options.,,
"In the year ahead, we will continue",,
to work with the production sites not,,
included in the FY23 baseline to align,,
"their energy and GHG reporting,",,
and to identify and develop energy,,
efficiency opportunities.3,,

=== Table 3 (page 19) ===
In FY24 we engaged an external,"risks, and another aligned with the Paris",were consolidated and prioritised.
consultant to assess gaps against,"Agreement, reflecting a global transition",Key strategic risks were identified
the Australian Sustainability Reporting,to a low-carbon economy. They identified,and reported through management
Standards (ASRS) and create a,"and rated 59 risks and 17 opportunities,",and committees. Further details of the
compliance roadmap. This year we,resulting in 6 priority risks and 5 priority,risks can be found in our annual report.
have made progress in addressing,"opportunities. Details, including mitigation",Risk management of risks is handled
"the identified gaps and actions,","actions and outcomes, can be found on",through our committees; regular
as detailed in the sections below.,pages 19-21 in our FY24 report. We plan,"budgetary, financial and management"
,to use these findings in FY26 for a more,"reporting; our organisational structures,"
,detailed scenario analysis to better,"procedures, manuals, policies, audits"
Governance,,
,understand the financial and reputational,"(including internal and external,"
Since the last report we have,implications for our business.,"environmental and safety), insurance"
"updated our governance processes,",,programs and specialised staff and
including Board governance and,,external advisors.
,Risk Management,
oversight of climate-related risks,,
and opportunities. The new processes,In FY25 we worked with an external,
,,Metrics and targets
are described below.,consultant to review and update Ridley’s,
,"Risk Management Program, including",This year we started assessing our
,our Risk Management Framework,Scope 3 emissions. This involved
Strategy,,
,Policy and procedures. A copy of the,engaging an external consultant to
"In FY24, our senior management team",policy can be found on our website.,identify our most significant emission
worked with external consultants to,Workshops were held with each,sources based on the categories
identify key business functions and,business unit to discuss and agree,outlined in the GHG Protocol’s
assess potential physical and transition,on material risks. Climate-related,Corporate Value Chain Standard.
risks. Two climate scenarios were,"risks, previously considered in",This will be used to guide the full
evaluated: one with minimal climate,"isolation, were now covered in each",assessment of our Scope 3
action leading to significant physical,business unit workshop. These risks,emissions in FY26.

=== Table 4 (page 24) ===
Pillar,Activity,Intent of Commitment,FY23 Baseline,2030 Commitment
Meaningful,Support,Technical expertise,2023: Ridley’s Nutrition and,Ridley will:
Partnerships,customers,in sustainability,Technical team continue to build,
,,,,Offer technical expertise to assist
,to meet their,opportunities linked,capability to assist customers to,
,,,,customers to reduce the GHG
,sustainability,to animal nutrition,reduce GHG intensity of customer’s,
,,,,intensity of customer’s products
,goals,,products through animal nutrition.,
,,,,through animal nutrition.
,Ensure safe,Employee health,2023: Ridley safety programs,Ridley will:
,and healthy,and safety,include a well-being strategy,
,,,,Continue to foster an environment
,employees,,"and action plan, mental health",
,,,,where they can perform their
,,,first aid training and the ongoing,
,,,,duties safely.
,,,support and guidance of a,
,,,qualified HSE team.,
,Create diverse,"Diversity, equity",2023: WEGA report 2022 =,Ridley will:
,workplaces,and inclusion,"22% Female, 78% Male employees.",
,,,,≥ 30% of Ridley’s employees and
,,,,Board to be female by 2030.16
,,,,Have an embedded RAP or
,,,,equivalent by 2030.
,,,,Note: This commitment originally
,,,,referred to employees only. In the FY24
,,,,"Sustainability Report, it was expanded"
,,,,to include Ridley’s Board.
,Provide,Training and,2023: Basic compliance training,Ridley will:
,training and,development,for all employees ad hoc external,
,,,,Embed a formalised learning
,development,,learning and development,
,,,,and development program that
,opportunities,,opportunities supported ad hoc,
,,,,includes an annual review of Ridley’s
,,,technical training supported,
,,,,requirements and development
,,,relevant to industry,
,,,,"plans, where necessary, to ensure"
,,,,our business has “future fit” skills
,,,,by 2030.
,Support local,Community,2023: Each site has access to,Ridley will:
,communities,engagement,"$2,000 per year to support local",
,,,,Increase the baseline financial
,,,charities and or community groups.,
,,,,contribution five-fold to 0.15%
,,,This represents approximately,of group EBITDA and continue
,,,0.03% ($34k) of the Group EBITDA.,our ongoing non-financial support
,,,,of our local communities including
,,,,targeting charities and community
,,,,groups that align with the values
,,,,of the company by 2030.
Others,,Climate risks and,2023: Ridley currently includes,Ridley will:
,,opportunities,some climate risks in the risk,
,,,,Actively manage climate-related
,,Note: This name of,register and discloses its Scope 1,
,,,,risks and opportunities across
,,this pillar has been,and 2 emissions as part of the,
,,,,"Ridley’s operations, integrating"
,,updated in line with,obligations for the National,
,,,,such risks in strategic decision
,,the release of the,Greenhouse Gas and Energy,
,,,,making in line with ASRS
,,draft ASRS.,Reporting (NGER) Act.,

=== Table 5 (page 26) ===
National Association of Women in Operations (NAWO) is an Australian organization that promotes gender diversity and inclusion
in operational industries by supporting women in leadership and career development.
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) is an Australian government program that collects data on greenhouse
"gas emissions, energy production, and energy consumption from corporations."
Packaged Products means all bags less than 25kg sold to retail and wholesale customers and excludes bulk bags.
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) means a reconciliation action plan with Reconciliation Australia.
"Renewable Diesel is a fuel made from fats and oils, such as tallow, soybean oil or canola oil, and is processed to be chemically"
the same as petroleum diesel.
Ridley Aqua Feed Programs FY23 means our program for feeding prawn and barramundi over their production cycle
as at 30 June 2023.
Ridley Aqua Feeding Programs 2030 means our commercially available Ridley programs for feeding prawn and barramundi
over their production cycle as at 30 June 2030.
"Risk Consequence is determined based on the potential financial impact of the risk, measured using Net Present Value (NPV)."
Risk Likelihood descriptions are:
Almost certain: The event is expected to occur during the period under review;
Likely: The event will probably occur during the period under review;
Possible: The event may occur during the period under review;
Unlikely: The event is not likely to occur during the period under review; and
Rare: The event may occur only in exceptional circumstances during the period under review.
"Round Table for Responsible Soy (RTRS) is a global multi-stakeholder initiative that promotes the responsible production,"
"processing, and trading of soy, ensuring environmental, social, and economic sustainability."
Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) is a global body that helps companies set greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets
in line with climate science and the goals of the Paris Agreement.
Scope Emissions refer to the classification of greenhouse gas (GHG) emission based on their source and the level of control
an organisation has over them. Scope 1 Emissions are emissions from sources owned or controlled by an organisation.
Scope 2 emissions are emissions from the generation of purchased energy by an organisation.
Sustainable Aviation Fuel is an alternative fuel made from non-petroleum feedstocks that reduces emissions from air transportation.
"Woven Polypropylene (WPP) is a strong, durable plastic material made from interwoven polypropylene strips, commonly used"
for packaging and transporting bulk goods.