=== Page 4 ===
FY25 has been a defining year for  
Ridley – one that has reshaped the 
scale, scope, and strategic direction  
of our business. As we reflect on our 
sustainability journey, it is clear that  
the Ridley of today looks significantly 
different from the company that first  
set out to define its role in a more 
sustainable future. This transformation  
is not only a testament to our ambition 
but also to our ability to adapt, grow, 
and lead with purpose.
Our focus this year has been on the 
successful acquisition and integration  
of Oceania Meat Processors (OMP)  
New Zealand & Australia and a feedmill 
at Carrick, Tasmania, and most recently 
working on the acquisition of Incitec 
Pivot Fertilisers distribution business, 
completed on 30 September 2025. 
These acquisitions expand our 
operational footprint across Australia 
and New Zealand, diversify our product 
portfolio, and strengthen our capabilities 
in both the pet food and resource 
recovery sectors. They also bring new 
complexity and opportunity to our sustainability agenda – broadening the 
scope of our reporting and requiring us 
to recalibrate our baselines and targets.
In light of these changes, we made  
the strategic decision to postpone  
a planned refresh of our materiality 
assessment until FY26. This will allow  
us to undertake a more representative 
evaluation of our sustainability priorities, 
ensuring they align with our restructured 
business and expanded operations.  
It also provides the opportunity to 
integrate the voices and insights of  
our new teams and stakeholders into  
the process.
Despite the scale of change, our 
commitment to sustainability remains.  
In FY25, we made progress across all 
four pillars of our 2030 Sustainability 
Commitments – Smarter Ingredients, 
Optimised Production, Effective 
Solutions, and Meaningful Partnerships.
Under Smarter Ingredients, we  
continued to lead in responsible sourcing. 
We secured sustainably sourced soybean products to test our supply 
chain and traceability process and 
worked on sourcing soy from other 
origins for consistent supply.  
Our Ingredient Recovery business, 
bolstered by the OMP acquisition, 
expanded its reach into the pet food 
market, reinforcing our commitment  
to circular economy principles.
In Optimised Production, we continued  
to invest in energy efficiency projects, 
with $6.1 million spent across FY24  
and FY25. This has allowed us to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions per tonne  
of finished product compared to the 
FY23 baseline. We also advanced our 
packaging sustainability goals, 
collaborating with suppliers on a project 
that will reduce the weight of woven 
polypropylene bags and initiating plans  
to transition to single-polymer recyclable 
packaging for our pet food range.  
Waste reporting systems were expanded 
to include all new sites, ensuring 
consistent measurement and 
accountability across our operations.Managing Director’s Statement
Quinton Hildebrand 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director“Despite the scale of change, our commitment  
to sustainability remains. In FY25, we made  
progress across all four pillars of our 2030 
Sustainability Commitments – Smarter Ingredients, 
Optimised Production, Effective Solutions, and 
Meaningful Partnerships.”
Driving meaningful change
04
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025

=== Page 5 ===
Within the Effective Solutions pillar  
we deepened our technical capabilities  
to support customers to reduce their 
environmental impact. We completed  
life cycle assessments (LCAs) for key 
products, trained our sales teams in 
emissions reduction strategies, and 
continued to support research into 
methane-reducing feed additives.  
While FY25 marked our final year of 
reporting against aquafeed targets  
due to our withdrawal from this market, 
we achieved a 22.5% reduction in 
Fish-in Fish-out (FIFO) ratios, which 
refer to the amount of wild fish used  
to produce a certain amount of  
farmed fish).
Through Meaningful Partnerships,  
we strengthened our commitment  
to our people and communities.  We expanded mental health training, 
enhanced our diversity and inclusion 
initiatives, and increased our financial 
contributions to local communities.  
Our new learning and development 
roadmap, aligned with our FY26 
strategy, ensures we are building  
the future-fit skills our business  
needs to thrive.
Looking ahead to FY26, we will update 
our sustainability baselines to reflect our 
expanded operations and refresh our 
strategy to ensure it remains aligned 
with stakeholder expectations and 
regulatory developments. We are also 
preparing for a full Scope 3 emissions 
assessment and a more detailed 
scenario analysis of climate-related  
risks and opportunities.As we enter this next chapter, I am 
confident that Ridley is well-positioned  
to continue to make progress on  
our Sustainability Commitments.  
Our expanded capabilities, renewed 
focus, and clear strategic direction 
provide a strong foundation from which 
to go forward. I am proud of what we 
have achieved this year and excited 
about the opportunities ahead.
Thank you to our employees, partners, 
and customers for your continued 
support and shared commitment to 
building a more sustainable future.
Sincerely,
Quinton Hildebrand 
Chief Executive Officer  
and Managing Director  
“Our new learning and development roadmap,  
aligned with our FY26 strategy, ensures we are  
building the future-fit skills our business needs  
to thrive.”
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
05

=== Page 6 ===
Ridley Sustainability Pathway – Update on Progress
The Ridley Sustainability Pathway is based on four pillars: Smarter Ingredients, 
Optimised Production, Effective Solutions and Meaningful Partnerships which  
cover the most crucial issues for our business and the world in which we operate. 
Beyond addressing our direct impacts, we’re committed to providing practical  
solutions to help our customers achieve their own sustainability goals.
Smarter Ingredients
Sourcing high-quality raw 
materials that are produced 
with respect to social and 
planetary boundariesOptimised Production
Optimising our 
manufacturing and  
supply chain processes  
to reduce our footprintEffective Solutions
Developing nutritional 
solutions that enable 
farmers to produce  
more from lessMeaningful Partnerships
Creating safe, healthy  
and diverse workplaces  
that support local 
communities
• Create and utilise 
high-performance circular 
ingredients
• Source from well-managed 
production systems
• Support Australian growers• Measure and reduce 
greenhouse gas intensity 
of our operations
• Respect for our local 
environment through 
sustainable packaging
• Reduce waste to landfill• Measure the environmental 
footprint of our feeds  
and offer lower CO 2-e 
intensity options
• Produce safe feeds that 
support animal health  
and welfare
• Help farmers to address 
climate challenges
• Reduce reliance on finite 
marine resources• Support customers to meet 
their sustainability goals
• Ensure safe and healthy 
employees
• Create diverse workplaces
• Providing training and 
development opportunities
• Support local communities
Identify and mitigate climate risk
06
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025

=== Page 7 ===
To support our progress, Ridley 
introduced the 2030 Sustainability 
Commitments in 2023, setting specific 
time-bound targets for each pillar.  
This report highlights our progress 
towards these goals and outlines our 
plans for FY26. The full text of Ridley’s 
Sustainability Commitments 2030 is  
set out in the Appendix on page 22.We have postponed a planned refresh  
to our materiality assessment until  
FY26 to allow for a more reflective 
evaluation following our internal reset 
and recent acquisitions.
FocusFY24 
Target Today12030 Commitment
Smarter 
IngredientsPurchase soybean products from 
suppliers committed to offering  
DCF supply options
Optimised 
ProductionReduce CO 2-e per tonne of finished 
feed from energy consumption2
Reduce use of non-recyclable plastics 
in outgoing packaged product
Implement initiatives to reduce  
waste to landfill
Effective 
SolutionsOffer lower footprint feed options  
to customers
Enhance biosecurity standards  
at higher-risk sites
Develop and/or invest in methods to 
reduce GHG in ruminant production
Reduce Fish In Fish Out and  
Feed Fish Inclusion Factor  
in Ridley Aquafeeds
Meaningful 
PartnershipsAssist customers to reduce  
GHG intensity of their products
Continue to foster a safe  
environment for our people
Increase the percentage of women  
in our workforce
Embed a formalised learning and 
development program targeting 
future fit skills
Support engagement in our local 
communities
Climate  
ChangeManage climate-related risks  
and integrate into strategic 
decision-making
1. Management assessment as at 30 June 2025.
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
07

=== Page 10 ===
2030 Commitments Our FY25 achievements
 Reduce by more than 10%, the carbon dioxide 
equivalent (CO 2-e) per tonne finished product 
derived from energy consumption by 2030  
from FY23 baseline.Continued the implementation of capital works 
commenced in FY24 as well as 4 new projects  
in FY25 with an estimated cost of $1 million.  
By year end, $6.1 million had been spent on  
the 18 projects completed.
This has resulted in a reduction in 5.6% greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions per tonne of finished product 
compared to the FY23 baseline. 
 Reduce woven polypropylene (WPP) packaging 
weight by 10% against FY23 packaging 
specifications for outgoing packaged products.Engaged suppliers of WPP 20kg bags to undertake  
a collaborative project to reduce WPP in our 
proprietary poultry and equine products.
 Transition to single polymer formats for pet 
specialty products if recyclable or single 
polymer formats become commercially available 
and viable for outgoing packaged products.Start planning the shift to 100% single-polymer 
recyclable pet food packaging by 2030.
 Reduce intensity of waste to landfill by 20%, 
measured as kilograms of waste to landfill  
per tonne of finished product.Average reduction of 5% in waste sent to landfill 
across all sites included in the FY24 baseline.2
Integration of the NovaqPro production site in 
Thailand; OMP sites in Australia and NZ; and Carrick 
site in Australia into the waste reporting system  
has been completed.
 Determine a reliable baseline to set a clearly 
defined path aligned with an evidence-based 
approach to implement initiatives that reduce 
Ridley’s waste to landfill by 2030.Baseline waste data collected and reduction of  
waste to landfill target set. This will be a 20% reduction 
in waste sent to landfill intensity, measured as 
kilograms per tonne of finished product, against  
an FY24 baseline.Optimised Production
Optimising our manufacturing and supply 
chain processes to reduce our footprint.
Under our Optimised Production pillar, we have committed  
to achieving the targets2 outlined below.
 Completed  On track  Lagging
2. Refer to 2030 Commitments in the Appendix of this Report.
10
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025

=== Page 11 ===
Measure and reduce 
greenhouse gas intensity  
of our operations
Optimising the energy used to power  
our mills continues to be a focus at 
Ridley. In FY25, our total Scope 1 GHG 
emissions were 57,081 tCO₂-e, primarily 
from the natural gas and diesel used  
in our operations. Our total Scope 2 
emissions were 50,977 tCO₂-e, resulting 
from electricity consumption at our 
operational sites and office locations. 
These emissions were calculated in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol,  
using emission factors from the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting 
(NGER) Measurement Determination.
Capital projects are enabling us  
to reduce our energy consumption  
and, as a result, our GHG emissions,  
with 4 new projects added in FY25. 
Combined with the 15 projects approved 
in FY24, our total capital expenditure  
on energy reduction projects is now  
$6.1 million. We completed 18 of these 
projects by the end of FY25, resulting  
in an additional reduction of 1.2% GHG 
emissions per tonne of finished product. 
This was achieved through a mix of 
equipment upgrades and optimisation, 
thermal insulation, heat recovery, 
data-driven solutions and  
electrification options.
In the year ahead, we will continue  
to work with the production sites not 
included in the FY23 baseline to align 
their energy and GHG reporting,  
and to identify and develop energy 
efficiency opportunities.3
3. Novacq site in Thailand, OMP sites in Australia and NZ and feedmill site in Carrick, Australia. 
4. Refer to 2030 Commitments in the Appendix of this Report.
5. Baseline received Limited Assurance from KPMG, refer to pages 29 to 30 of FY24 Sustainability Report for details.FY25 GHG emissions derived from energy per tonne of finished product4
CO 2 emissions calculated
Baseline 
(FY23)5 FY24 FY25
Scope 1 52,910 53,821 57 ,081
Scope 2 52,147 48,612 50,977
Total emissions 105,057 102,433 108,058
t CO 2-e / kg finished product 56.58 54.11 53.49
% change from the baseline 4.4% 5.6%
Case study – Improving energy efficiency through thermal insulation
Detailed assessments have shown that uninsulated pipes can lead to 
significant thermal losses of up to 22%, presenting both economic and 
environmental costs to our business. As such, Ridley engaged a third party  
to supply and install the thermal insulation across 15 of our operating sites  
after successful trials at St Arnaud, Wellsford and Wasleys sites.
The project involved installing thermal insulation on pipework and associated 
equipment identified using thermal imaging audits during normal operations  
at each mill.
While early indications are positive, we will use a third party auditor to  
measure and verify the anticipated energy reduction 12 months after the  
final installation.
RIDLEY CORPORATION LIMITED SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025
11