=== Page 3 ===
Contents
2025 Performance Highlights 3
Message from our Risk &  4 
Sustainability Committee Chair 
About this Report 5
Our Company 5
Our Assets 6
Sustainability at Ramelius 7
Materiality Assessment 7
Materiality Topics 8
Our FY25 Sustainability Snapshot 8
Sustainability Targets 9
Our People 10
Safety 10
Emergency Response 12
Health and Wellbeing 14
Equity, Inclusion and Diversity 16 
Talent, Capability and Engagement 18
Our Communities  22
Community Investment and Engagement 22 
First Nations and Native Title 26
Our Environment    28
Biodiversity and Land Management 28
Water Management  29
Mine Closure Preparedness and 31 
Rehabilitation Management
Tailings, Waste and Other Emissions 32Our Climate    34
Governance Overview 35
Climate Risk Management 36
Climate Scenario Analysis and  36 
Risk and Opportunity Assessment
Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Energy 40
Our Governance 42
Stakeholder Management 43
Economic Performance 44 
Business Ethics  44
Regulatory and Compliance 45
Supply Chain Management 46
Information Technology 47
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
1
 Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability ReportOverview Our Assets Our People Our Communities Our Environment Our Climate
 Governance

=== Page 5 ===
2025 Performance 
Highlights
301,664oz gold  
producedImplementation of  
Principal Mining Hazards 
Management Plan
Reduction in GHG 
emissions intensityCommunity Contributions  
made equivalent up to  
$3/oz produced 
Hybrid Power Plant at  
Mt MagnetIncreased female 
participation in  
workforce
Employee turnover below 
industry peersDelivery of 
Leadership Program 
to employees 
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
3
Overview Our Assets Our People Our Communities Our Environment Our Climate
 Governance

=== Page 10 ===
Materiality Topics
OUR PEOPLE
1. Health, Safety and Wellbeing 
2. Equity, Inclusion and Diversity
3. Talent, Capability and Engagement
OUR CLIMATE
10. Climate Change Management
Our FY25 Sustainability Snapshot
OUR COMMUNITIES
4. Community Investment and Engagement
5. First Nations People and Native Title
$615,000
in community  
donations$3/oz gold
in community 
investments
$12,000
in community  
grantsOur Communities
No modern  
slavery risk  
issues identified   
in screening of 
suppliersOverall
Production 
target met
0
Material 
compliance 
or regulatory 
breachesOur Governance
410,000kWH   
of solar energy  
produced32MW 
hybrid power  
plant underway  
at Mount Magnet
$2m spent  
on rehabilitation  
across the Edna 
May HubOur Environment  
and Climate
110 hours of 
health, safety 
and emergency 
response training 
completed by staff  
(employees and 
contractors)11.12
TRIFR
23%
Representation 
of women in the 
workforceOur People
OUR ENVIRONMENT
6. Biodiversity and Land Management
7. Water Management
8. Mine Closure Preparedness and Rehabilitation 
9. Tailings, Waste and Other Emissions
Our Assets
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
8

=== Page 11 ===
Sustainability Targets
Targets and Progress
Topic FY25 Target Outcome 
Our Business All employees to complete online 
cybersecurity training.All employees have completed the training 
this year. This will be refreshed each year.
Health, Safety  
and WellbeingDeliver Stage Two Leadership Program 
(Mental Health, Fatigue Management and 
Drug and Alcohol)Target achieved.
Diversity, Inclusion 
& Talent AttractionMaintain employee turnover below 
industry average. 
Complete Psychosocial Safety audit across 
the business.
Increase female representation in workforce, 
targeting peer average.Target achieved.
Target achieved.
Target achieved.
Community 
EngagementMaintain contribution of up to $3/oz towards 
community investment and engagement 
(assuming a minimum of $2/oz).Target achieved.
Ethics & Human 
RightsAll employees to receive whistleblower, 
workplace behaviour and reporting training.Target achieved.
Taxes, supplier 
payments, and 
royaltiesImprove proportion of procurement spend 
within regional areas, reporting to Committee 
on a six-monthly basis.Target not met.  
With the transition of Edna May into care 
and maintenance, procurement spend 
in regional areas did not increase as a 
proportion of total spend on the prior year.
Climate Change 
and GHG EmissionsImprove definition of Scope 3 emissions. Target achieved. 
We have undertaken an extensive exercise 
to assess the materiality of each Scope 3 
category in our footprint, and we have 
developed a tool to better streamline the 
reporting of Scope 3 emissions for our most 
material value chain categories. 
We will use this to assess our Scope 3 
footprint each year and to determine 
opportunities for collaboration with our 
suppliers and customers.
Demonstrate preparedness of ASRS by 
achieving 75% compliance.Target achieved.  
We have made significant progress in  
uplifting our climate-related disclosures  
to meet the requirements of the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards, with 
additional work completed outside of this 
report to ensure we meet the compliance 
requirements by 30 June 2026. Our current 
preparedness rate is 76%.
Mine Closure and 
RehabilitationAchieve progressive rehabilitation targets as 
set in FY25 Budget.Target achieved.
Closure and rehabilitation activities were 
undertaken across the Edna May, Marda* 
Tampia and Symes projects. 
1. * Note Marda assets were divested during the  
reporting period.
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
9
Overview Our Assets Our People Our Communities Our Environment Our Climate
 Governance

=== Page 34 ===
Our Environment
We are pleased to report on the progress of rehabilitation 
at Tampia with additional works planned for FY26. Timely 
rehabilitation at both Symes and Tampia has returned 
available farmland with some areas already being used 
for cropping. These outcomes reflect our commitment  
to meeting post-closure obligations and delivering 
long-term environmental benefits.
At Marda we rehabilitated five waste rock landforms, 
constructed open pit abandonment bunds and 
re-established surface water flows by contouring and 
revegetating disturbed areas. Although this site was 
divested during the past year, we are pleased to report 
on this positive legacy.Mt Magnet Hub
During the year, we rehabilitated 7ha of land at 
Mt Magnet, with efforts concentrated on laydown and 
hardstand areas. We intensified our focus on reducing 
threats from introduced species and predation, 
recognising these as key factors in long-term 
rehabilitation success.
FY25 saw the successful rollout of the Weed Eradication 
Program, removing introduced species improves the 
establishment and resilience of native vegetation 
Notably, the Boogardie pastoral leaseholder undertook 
mustering of feral goats across our tenements, an 
initiative expected to support vegetation establishment 
and reduce grazing pressure on regenerating plants in 
rehabilitation areas.
Tailings, Waste and Other Emissions
PERFORMANCE IN FY25
Tailings and Waste Generation FY25 FY24 FY23
Total weight of tailings produced Metric tonnes (t) 6,979,484 7,735,067 6,988,045 
Waste sent to on site landfill Kilotonnes (kt) 9.2 5.0 6.5 
Total weight of waste rock waste (overburden) Kilotonnes (kt) 14,109.2 8,976.0 15,360.0 
Air Quality
We analyse and report on estimates of materials moved (usages), emissions to air (fugitive), and transfers of  
National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) substances in our waste streams, including atmospheric pollutants across our sites. 
Waste and Tailings Management
Waste products are managed in accordance with granted Environmental Protection licenses at all Ramelius operations. 
Putrescible wastes are managed onsite where a licensed landfill is in operation. In FY25, a total of 9214 tonnes of 
putrescible waste was disposed of across the group. This is an increase on the previous year as a result of whole of site 
clean up initiatives undertaken at both Edna May and Mt Magnet.
Hydrocarbon contaminated materials are removed from site by licenced contractors where waste oil is recycled. 
Recyclable materials removed from site and during FY25 included 860 tonnes of scrap metal. At Edna May 29 tonnes of 
redundant equipment and other refuse was removed by a local contractor. 
During the reporting year, there were no material incidents or non-conformances associated with handling, storage, 
transportation, or disposal of waste materials.  
Tailings Storage Facilities (TSF)
At Mt Magnet, there are three operational TSF cells that receive tailings from the Checkers processing facility and 
during the year we commenced an embankment raise to increase tailings storage capacity. The Black Cat TSF is 
decommissioned and rehabilitated; the top surface has since been repurposed for the installation of a solar power array. 
At Edna May, the Corsini TSF remains active with tailings deposition ceasing during FY25. This TSF is integrated with the 
waste rock landform and the lower southern and western embankments have been rehabilitated. A historical TSF has 
been partially rehabilitated and in recent years the top surface repurposed as storage of ore stockpiles. 
In FY25, 3,276,746 tonnes of ore was processed to produce a Ramelius record of 301,664 oz of gold resulting in 6,979,484t 
of tailings. In compliance with regulatory requirements, Ramelius submits separate annual reports to DWER and DMPE. 
There were no reportable incidents associated with the operation of TSFs during FY25. 
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
32

=== Page 36 ===
Targets set in FY24:  
Achieve 75% AASB S2 
preparedness.
76% achieved in FY25.
Our 
Climate
At Ramelius, we recognise that climate change may present a material risk with the potential to impact our 
operations, supply chains, customers, teams and communities around our mines. We are aware of our impact on 
global greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and climate change by operating in the mining industry. We continuously 
identify ways to reduce these potential impacts. Where possible, we implement measures to minimise adverse 
effects on our environment. 
In accordance with the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER), we continue to collect and report our 
annual emissions, energy production and consumption performance. We are committed to fostering a culture that 
supports environmental stewardship. Through communications across the company, we keep our teams informed on 
environmental updates. For further details, refer to our Environmental Policy.
We also recognise that mandatory climate-related reporting will apply in Australia for reporting periods commencing  
1 January 2025. For Ramelius, this means we will report in accordance with these requirements for the reporting period 
ended 30 June 2026.
In FY25, we commenced the process of uplifting our reporting suite and data reporting and capture to recognise  
these new requirements. The structure of this section of our report reflects the updated climate reporting 
requirements under AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2), and will be further refined ahead of mandatory 
reporting in FY26. 
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
34

=== Page 37 ===
Governance Overview
Our Board maintains oversight of all climate risks and 
opportunities and their potential impacts and activities 
across Ramelius. The Board plays an important role in 
shaping strategic direction and establishing strategic 
objectives with a clearly defined risk appetite. 
The Board is supported by Committees, including the 
Risk & Sustainability Committee which provide key 
recommendations to the Board on climate-related 
activities. More information on the makeup of our  
Board is available on our website.
A governance system has been established to manage 
the risks and opportunities associated with climate 
and to oversee our approach to climate strategy and 
targets. This system involves our Board, executive, senior 
management and subject matter experts from across 
the business.As mentioned elsewhere in this report, the Board has 
delegated responsibility to oversee our risk management 
systems, sustainability programs and mitigating controls 
to the Risk & Sustainability Committee. The Ramelius 
executive team has primary responsibility for the day-
to-day management of sustainability matters, including 
GHG management plans and delivery of our hybrid 
power project.
More information on our sustainability governance 
can be found on our website. These responsibilities are 
detailed in the table below. 
Committee Role in Oversight Frequency of Meetings and Reviews
Board Overall oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities and determination of targets or 
reduction opportunities.
Approval of Sustainability reports, targets 
or reduction opportunities, and projects 
that underpin progress to greenhouse 
gas emission reductions based on 
recommendations provided by the Risk  
& Sustainability Committee.Board meetings occur approximately monthly, 
with advice received from management and, 
where applicable, the Chair of the Risk & 
Sustainability Committee. 
Packs are prepared by management and 
provided to the Board to guide their review. 
Risk & 
Sustainability 
CommitteeSupports the Board in fulfilling its duties and 
responsibilities in respect of climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Oversight over the Company’s climate strategy 
and maintaining the policies and procedures 
that underpin the Company’s approach to 
Climate.
Makes recommendations to the Board on 
Climate targets or reduction opportunities.
Provides oversight over the Company’s 
Climate-related reporting and its accuracy and 
integrity.
Provides recommendations to the Board on 
the accuracy and integrity of Climate-related 
reporting.Meets at least four times per year.
Packs are prepared by management and 
provided to the Committee to guide their 
review. 
Audit Committee Will provide oversight of internal audits and 
external audits, including those which relate to 
climate.
Consider the Company’s Climate reporting 
and its accuracy and integrity.Meets at least four times per year.
Packs are prepared by management and 
provided to the Audit Committee to guide 
their review.
Ramelius Resources 2025 Sustainability Report
35
Overview Our Assets Our People Our Communities Our Environment Our Climate
 Governance