=== Page 12 ===
OUR APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MATTERS
Adopting leading practice
We operate our business responsibly, with careful consideration 
for the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, the 
communities in which we operate, and the environment. 
Our operating philosophy is that responsible mining practices 
result in improved business performance. We aim to comply 
with all relevant government legislation, policies, and plans 
applicable to the jurisdictions in which we operate, and to go beyond compliance to align with leading practice at all our sites 
when feasible. 
Resolute applies international environmental and social 
standards across our operations and draws upon the following 
relevant industry-relevant standards and guidelines. We seek 
to externally assure our management systems and disclose 
annually in line with best practice.
We receive external assurance annually against
Responsible Gold Mining 
Principles (RGMPs)Resolute’s commitment to responsible gold mining, which is demonstrated by our adherence to 
the RGMPs. These principles have been developed by the World Gold Council and outline their 
expectations for a number of stakeholders including gold producers, consumers, investors and 
the downstream gold supply chain.
Conflict-Free Gold Standard The World Gold Council standard, which was subject to intensive consultation, provides a 
mechanism for gold producers to assess and provide assurance that their gold has been extracted 
in a manner that does not cause, support or benefit unlawful armed conflict or contribute to 
serious human rights abuses or breaches of international humanitarian law.
International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) 
14001 and 45001Produces internationally recognised set of standards that provide a systematic framework 
for identifying and managing risks, while focussing on continuous improvement. Resolute 
management systems have been developed and implemented in accordance with ISO 45001 
Occupational Health and Safety and ISO 14001 Environmental Management.
We disclose annually against
Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Resolute has adopted the GRI Standards to guide its sustainability reporting, including 
initial adoption of the GRI Mining Sector Standard. GRI is an independent international 
organisation which has developed standards through a process of multi-stakeholder engagement. 
The standards support organisations to understand and report on sustainability performance. 
Sustainability Accountancy 
Standards Board (SASB)Resolute discloses financially material sustainability information to its investors in alignment 
with the SASB standards. SASB now forms part of the International Sustainability Standards 
Board (ISSB), which is seeking to develop a global baseline for the disclosure of sustainability 
and climate-related information. 
The Greenhouse 
Gas ProtocolThe GHG Protocol, which was jointly convened by the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) and World Resources Institute (WRI), provides guidance and accounting 
methodologies for calculating and reporting GHG emissions. 
Task Force on Climate-
related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)Resolute has followed the structure of disclosures proposed by TCFD, now incorporated within 
ISSB. This information assists investors and stakeholders with climate-related disclosures.
Global Industry 
Standard on Tailings 
Management (GISTM)Resolute seeks to align its practices with the GISTM, which sets an international standard for 
the safer management of tailings storage facilities. The standard was developed by stakeholders 
including the International Council on Mining and Metals, the United Nations Environment 
Programme, and the Principles for Responsible Investment following a number of catastrophic 
tailings dams failures. 
Extractive Industry 
Transparency Initiative (EITI)The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) is a global initiative that promotes 
open and accountable management of mineral resources. The standard requires disclosure of 
information through the extractive industry including taxes and payment to governments. 
UN Global Compact (UNGC) The UNGC is the world largest sustainability initiative and is endorsed at CEO level. Companies 
align with universal principles on human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption and take 
action to advance societal goals.
UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs)Developed by the United Nations, the 17 Sustainable Development Goals outline a series of 
measures and objectives with the aim of creating ‘peace and prosperity for and the planet, now 
and into the future.’ Resolute recognises that its operations have the potential to influence a 
number of these goals and has developed strategies recognising their importance.
10
RESOLUTE MINING LIMITED  2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTOVERVIEW  I  OUR APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MATTERS

=== Page 15 ===
13
  RESOLUTE MINING LIMITED 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTStrategic ESG Priorities
Maintaining 
Good Governance• Comply with all applicable laws, regulations and license conditions in the jurisdictions in 
which we operate.
• Conduct business ethically and with honesty and integrity, with a zero-tolerance approach to 
bribery and corruption.
• Conform with the Responsible Gold Mining Principles across all operations.
• Respect the internationally recognised human rights of our employees, host communities and 
other stakeholders.
• Identify and effectively manage actual and potential human rights risks.
• Report on our ESG performance to the Sustainability Committee and disclose information to 
relevant stakeholder groups through the publication of annual sustainability reports.
Empowering 
Local Communities• Implement measures to avoid, minimise, mitigate or compensate for adverse business 
related impacts.
• Engage regularly with all relevant stakeholders, including host communities and local 
government institutions, through culturally appropriate channels, to communicate business 
developments, ensure their perspectives and concerns are understood, and seek to secure 
broad-based support for our operations.
• Consult meaningfully with communities, through Informed Consultation and Participation, on 
any business activity that could adversely impact them throughout the lifecycle of the mine.
• Establish effective grievance mechanisms where complaints related to our activities can be 
raised by communities and aim to resolve them in a timely manner.
• Create benefits by prioritising local employment, procurement and investing in social projects 
that are aligned with the needs and aspirations of host communities and the principles of 
sustainable development.
Protecting the Environment • Implement robust management systems, practices and standards to mitigate impacts and 
safeguard natural resources for future generations.
• Introduce strategies that seek to reduce resource consumption, waste disposal and 
environmental emissions.
• Use water responsibly and efficiently in cooperation with authorities and manage our 
operations to seek to ensure they do not adversely affect the overall quality of catchment water 
resources available to other users.
• Implement a robust Tailings Governance Framework to optimise asset integrity and ensure 
effective risk mitigation in conformance with the GISTM. 
• Identify climate change related risks and opportunities, recognise our role in combatting 
climate change by reducing GHG emissions where possible and disclosing our progress in 
alignment with TCFD.
• Plan for responsible mine closure in consultation with authorities, affected communities and 
other relevant stakeholders. Incorporate closure objectives into life of mine planning and make 
financial and technical provisions for progressive rehabilitation.
• Implement biodiversity management plans that adhere to the mitigation hierarchy, seek to 
ensure there is no net loss of critical habitat and, where possible, work with others to produce a 
net gain for biodiversity.
Fostering People and Culture • Reduce occupational injuries and high potential incidents and maintain strong safety performance.
• Maintain an accountable, diverse, equitable and inclusive organisational culture that is free 
from all forms of harassment and discrimination and empowers employees, respecting and 
promoting their individual and collective rights.
• Promote workplace diversity, equity, and inclusion, set measurable targets, and provide 
appropriate training.
• Maintain a talent management framework that includes training, mentoring, coaching and other 
targeted development initiatives to continually build the capability of our people.
• Total Recordable Injury Frequency of 2.11 per million hours worked, better than industry averageOVERVIEW  I  OUR APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MATTERS

=== Page 19 ===
Sustainable Development Goals Sustainable Development Goals
• Conformance with the Responsible Gold Mining 
Principles and Conflict-Free Gold Standard • Countries of operations are active in the EITI • Partnerships with NGOs for programme 
implementation at site • Membership of the UN Global CompactSDG
• Disclosure of Scope 1,2 and 3 greenhouse 
gas emissions • Group Climate Change Risk Assessment 
incorporating financial modelling• Commitment to report in conformance with the 
TCFD recommendationsSDG
SDG
• Direct payments to the governments of over 
$308 million in 2024• Direct community investment of $2.2 million in 
2024 at Mako and Syama
SDG
• Robust health and safety policies and procedures • Group ISO 45001 certification maintained• Strong safety performance with TRIF better than 
industry-peer standards• Primary, occupational, and emergency medicine 
capability established across operations • Routine health surveillance, including drug and 
alcohol and infectious disease testing • Ongoing health and hygiene education 
and awareness • Private health insurance support for all 
direct employees
SDG
• Construction of primary schools in Syama and 
Mako host communities • Ongoing host community training and education • Artisan training across operations • Scholarship and internship programmes
SDG
• Gender diversity targets set and monitored • Paid Parental Leave policies across the group • Sexual Harassment Policy approved by the Board• Increase in women in STEM positions 
across the group
SDG
• Water extraction from the Gambia and 
Bagoe Rivers undertaken in accordance 
with licencing conditions • Supporting critical water infrastructure at 
community level and maximising re-use of 
extracted water• Regular monitoring of surface and groundwater 
quality and no major water quality issues 
associated with mine operation beyond 
site boundaries
SDG
• Direct employment of 965 nationals, representing 
91% of our operations workforce • $48 million paid in 2024 for employee wages 
and benefits • 42% of national new hires aged under 30 years
SDG
• Gender pay gap analysis conducted at least 
twice a year • Board-approved Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion Policy • Gender parity considered for all our 
Apprenticeship and Traineeship programmes 
at operations
17
  RESOLUTE MINING LIMITED 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTOVERVIEW  I  OUR COMMITMENTS

=== Page 22 ===
OVERVIEW  I  ANNUAL MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
Materiality Assessment Process
Our process has involved the following steps: 
• Undertaking research to assess whether new topics have 
emerged since the last assessment that have the potential 
to be material. In 2024, this has involved: 
 –reviewing our existing materiality topics against the GRI 
Mining industry standard (GRI 14). We did this to confirm 
that potentially significant topics for the company and 
our external stakeholders had not been omitted from 
our assessment. 
 –undertaking a benchmarking review of peer company 
reports to compare our process with those of others in 
our sector. 
 –reviewing rating agency guidance on materiality to make 
sure our process aligned with their expectations. 
 –checking whether significant concerns have been raised 
by our investors in the course of the reporting period. 
• Reviewing the views of eight internal and external stakeholder 
groups, gathered in 2023. The stakeholders were asked 
to select the most important sustainability issues for the 
business. The groups comprised: 
 –Internal stakeholders: Board, corporate and site 
representatives.
 –External stakeholders: Shareholders, supply chain actors, 
government representatives, local communities, and non-
governmental organisations.• Analysing responses and weighting them to ensure balanced 
representation between Syama and Mako, and to account for 
the relative importance of stakeholders. 
• Considering whether and how the topics identified have 
been incorporated in the company’s risk management 
assessment, which includes consideration of the potential 
financial impact of all identified risks. Each topic identified by 
stakeholders as material was given an additional weighting 
which took account of how it was assessed as a risk in the 
risk management analysis. 
• Ranking topics, following analysis of the combined responses, 
and preparing a materiality matrix (below) for the purposes 
of disclosure. 
Materiality assessment outcomes in 2024
We found that our list of identified topics correlated with those 
listed in the GRI Mining sector standard. We have sought 
to make the additional sector-specific disclosures where 
possible. Where this is not possible, we have provided a reason 
for omission (see the GRI index). We found close correlation 
between the topics identified by stakeholders and those within 
the risk management assessment. We also found that the topics 
identified broadly aligned with disclosures made by our peers.
Materiality topics 
The table below lists the prioritised topics, with a brief 
description of their scope or importance. These topics are 
then represented on the matrix below, showing their relative 
significance to the company and to society – reflecting the 
views of our internal and external assessment. 
Most important materiality topics Why is this important?
1 Training and educationWe support the development of our people through training, and by providing personal and 
professional support
2 Local communitiesWe engage locally, to build relationships, encourage participation and maintain our social 
licence to operate
3Occupational 
health and safetyWe view protecting people’s health, safety and security as fundamental to our operations
4 Water Access to water is a fundamental human right for all, and is essential to support mining activity
5 Energy Prudent energy use drives efficiency and minimises GHG emissions from our operations
6Diversity and 
equal opportunityWe aim to foster an open and inclusive working environment, for all
7 Economic performance We strive to generate economic value for all stakeholders in the countries where we operate
8 Market presence We seek to generate positive economic impacts for a broad range of stakeholders
9 Environmental compliance The management of risks, such as tailings, is a key part of our licence to operate
10 BiodiversityWe are aware of the potential impacts that mining can have and we seek to ensure there 
is no net loss of critical habitat, and where possible, produce a biodiversity net gain 
11Tax and economic 
contributionOur business makes important contributions to national finances through taxes, 
royalties, and duties
12 Procurement practices Our local spend is significant, and we aim to provide fair opportunity for host countries
13 Employment We are a valued employer at our locations
14 Indirect economic impact We generate a range of economic benefits, regionally and nationally
15 Emissions Minimising emissions reduces waste and minimises impacts on air, water, and land
20
RESOLUTE MINING LIMITED  2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT