=== Table 1 (page 7) ===
Our total operational emissions
(Scope 1 and 2) in FY25 are lower by
11.5%
compared to FY169
We've returned almost
US$6.2B
to shareholders via dividends and
our on-market share buy-back
We’ve paid approximately
US$7.3B
in corporate income taxes and royalties
to governments where we operate
Nearly
"16,000"
people have participated in LEAD Safely
Every Day training since its launch in FY23

=== Table 2 (page 11) ===
15,,
,"Higher margins, improved returns",Positioned for the energy transition
,Our portfolio transformation over the past decade has,We have taken action to reduce our operational
,helped us achieve improved financial results and,"emissions and, through our portfolio transformation,"
,"shareholder returns in FY25, underpinned by strong",have removed our exposure to hard-to-abate Scope 3
,operating performance.,emissions from coal production and downstream use.
,Group operating margin,"Emissions profile (F16 vs FY25, total operations)15"

=== Table 3 (page 11) ===
operating performance.,,,emissions from coal production and downstream use.
Group operating margin,,,"Emissions profile (F16 vs FY25, total operations)15"
,4%,,"FY16
FY25"
,,,Scope 1 and 2 (Mt CO2-e)
,,26%,
,23%,,"23.4
20.7"
22%,,,
,,,Scope 3 (Mt CO2-e)
,,,"137.6
22.7"
FY16,FY24,FY25,

=== Table 4 (page 15) ===
"At our Hermosa development, we are building the long-life Taylor",Our portfolio transformation has substantially lowered our Scope 3
zinc-lead-silver project and in Q4 we commenced sinking the main,"emissions since FY19, as it has reduced our exposure to emissions"
shaft and construction of the process plant. Hermosa has,from the combustion of energy coal and the use of metallurgical
government support to help meet the United States’ critical,coal.
"minerals supply and, beyond Taylor, the Clark battery-grade",
,Strengthening climate resilience is essential to addressing the
manganese deposit is uniquely positioned due to its potential to,
,"physical impacts of climate change on our operations, people,"
supply the North American electric vehicle market. Exploration of,
,"communities, and value chain. We have developed our first Climate"
the Peake prospect continues to return high-grade copper results,
,Adaptation and Resilience Plan to help us reduce exposure to
and we are testing the potential for a continuous mineralised,
,"present-day climate hazards, and strengthen our ability to"
system extending back to Taylor.,
,"anticipate, absorb, respond and recover from physical climate"
"At Sierra Gorda, our cornerstone copper asset, there is potential to",change impacts. The Climate Adaptation and Resilience Plan also
grow copper production through our brownfield expansion projects,"supports our focus on nature restoration, rehabilitation and"
"and, longer term, through the Catabela Northeast exploration",conservation.
"project, where all 18 exploration holes have intersected significant",
,"As we enter the second decade of South32, much has changed in"
copper mineralisation.,
,terms of what we produce but I believe one key theme remains –
Exploration has been an important part of our strategy since day,"when done well, our business can help to improve people’s lives"
one. This year we invested US$35 million in our greenfield,now and for generations to come.
"exploration opportunities in Australia, the US, Canada, Argentina",
,I would like to offer my sincere appreciation and thanks to our
"and Namibia, as we work to discover our next generation of base",
,"teams around the globe for their efforts over the past year, and"
metals mines.,
,"indeed the past 10 years, as we have solidified our position as a"
"Climate change is fundamentally reshaping our industry, driving the",diversified producer of the minerals and metals critical to the
transition away from fossil fuels and increasing demand for,world’s energy transition.
"minerals and metals we produce, while intensifying climate",
variability and extreme weather. We have published our second,
Climate Change Action Plan (CCAP) which sets out our approach to,
addressing the risks and opportunities that climate change,
presents.,
Our CCAP includes actions to reduce our operational emissions to,
"mitigate transition risk and protect value, and to support emissions",
reduction across our value chains. Our target to halve our net,
"operational emissions by FY35 from FY21 levels, and long-term",
,Graham Kerr
"goal of achieving net zero emissions across all scopes by 2050,",
,Chief Executive Officer
remain unchanged.,
While our FY25 operational emissions were 1.5 Mt CO2-e lower than,
"FY21, Mozal Aluminium’s increased reliance on coal-fired electricity",
due to drought conditions led to a 2% year-on-year increase in total,
operational emissions in FY25. The year-on-year increase in Scope,
2 emissions linked to Mozal Aluminium more than offset the 12%,
"reduction in Worsley Alumina’s Scope 1 emissions during FY25,",
"relative to FY21 levels, following the conversion of two boilers from",
coal to gas during the prior year.,

=== Table 5 (page 25) ===
Technology and innovation unlock value,
Our FY25 commitments:,
"〉
Deliver critical technology and innovation programs",
Progress during FY25:,
Technology and innovation are key enablers of our transition,"We continue to advance initiatives focused on life extension,"
"towards a low-carbon future and to realising our objective of safer,","tailings repurposing, and alternative closure strategies. In FY25, we"
cleaner and more productive operations. Our Group-wide approach,assessed tailings repurposing opportunities across all our
"to innovation, known as Innovate32, focuses on enabling the",Australian operations and initiated an early-stage technology trial
"identification, investment and deployment of technologies across",for waste rock sorting at our Cannington site. At Australia
"our business, and has three missions: Low Footprint, Next",Manganese we are undertaking technology trials to increase
Generation Mine and Securing Future Resources.,recovery rates for the finer sand tails.
"Within our Low Footprint Mission, we have a number of",The Next Generation Mine Mission aims to reshape the way we
decarbonisation initiatives aimed at reducing emissions at Worsley,mine to support better safety and productivity outcomes. In the
Alumina. Recent efforts include supporting studies on long-,"rapidly growing world of artificial intelligence, we have focused on"
"duration energy storage, calciner electrification, and energy and",areas that deliver the greatest value to our business and strategy.
"water efficiency technology. In addition, circularity technologies are","We are already seeing the benefits, with improved safety outcomes"
being explored to reduce raw material consumption and,"and tangible cash flow (currently A$20 million annually, with plans"
associated Scope 3 emissions.,to realise A$50 million by the end of FY26).
"As part of the Electric Mine Consortium, which concluded in",New technology includes the Safety Companion tool being piloted
"September 2024 after a four-year collaboration, we conducted",at Hillside Aluminium. This virtual chatbot can provide our frontline
battery-electric vehicle (BEV) trials at Cannington. The aim was to,workers and leaders with faster safety information and insights
"reduce the use of diesel vehicles and equipment, and their","from our Global 360 risk and event management system, and"
"associated emissions, especially in underground mines. We have",related internal standards and guidelines.
"applied the findings to Hermosa, where we have signed contracts",
,The Securing Future Resources Mission explores new methods to
for the supply of production and ancillary BEV equipment. We are,
,reduce uncertainty and support decisions in mineral exploration
also a funding partner of the BluVein mine electrification project to,
,"and evaluation. In FY25, we continued developing orebody"
"develop an e-rail dynamic charging system for BEVs, with the aim",
,knowledge and processing technologies to unlock value from
of further optimising BEV operation.,
,complex copper orebodies.
"We are collaborating with industry, government and research",
,Learn more about how we are using technology to lower our
organisations on the Heavy Industry Low-Carbon Transition,"emissions, manage tailings and improve safety outcomes in our"
Cooperative Research Centre to accelerate technologies for heavy,Sustainability section starting on page 26.
industry to transition to net zero.,

=== Table 6 (page 26) ===
"〉
Achieve 75% of economic development plan targets",
"〉
Complete 75% of water performance business plan actions",
Progress during FY25:,
Social investment plans were implemented for each operation and,Water remains a vital shared resource and a critical input for our
we invested US$23.3 million39 in community initiatives.,operations. Water management is embedded in our operational
,"business plans and, in FY25, the water performance actions were"
Our direct social investment spend was across our four key focus,
,"100% complete at Australia Manganese, Cannington and Hillside"
areas: economic participation (US$7.9 million); education and,
,"Aluminium, and 92% complete at Cerro Matoso."
learning (US$5.3 million); good health and social wellbeing (US$4.3,
million); and natural resource resilience (US$2.6 million).,"We recognise the importance of conserving biodiversity. We own,"
,"lease and manage more than 550,000 hectares (ha) of land for"
The economic value of our presence in communities is an,
,"operational and strategic purposes. Around 3% of this land (18,231"
important part of our societal contribution and we develop,
,"ha) has been disturbed as a result of our activities. In FY25, 175ha"
economic development plans as required by our internal social,
,"of land was disturbed through our activities, we undertook"
performance standard. These are complementary to our social,
,"progressive rehabilitation activities across approximately 221ha,"
investment plans and identify opportunities to contribute to local,
,"and set aside almost 3,800ha for conservation."
"communities through employment, procurement, business",
"development and regional economic development. In FY25, 87% of","Today, over 90% of our operational emissions are generated within"
our economic development plans were implemented.,"our aluminium value chain, mostly from coal-fired electricity use at"
,"our aluminium smelters, and coal- and gas-generated steam and"
"We believe that growing small, medium and micro enterprises",
,electricity use at Worsley Alumina41.
(SMMEs) is fundamental to the transformation of the South African,
economy. We collaborate with SMMEs on Enterprise and Supplier,"In FY25, our conversion of two boilers from coal to gas at Worsley"
Development (ESD) expenditure and our FY25 ESD expenditure of,Alumina (completed in FY24) contributed to a 12% reduction in
US$10.5 million exceeded our target of US$3.63 million.,Worsley Alumina’s Scope 1 emissions and a 4.2% reduction in total
,"Scope 1 emissions42, both relative to FY21 levels. However, in FY25"
In Australia we are committed to increasing our procurement of,
,drought conditions in the Zambezi basin resulted in an undersupply
goods and services from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander,
,"of hydroelectric power to Mozal Aluminium, requiring an increase in"
"businesses across our supply chain. In FY25, we spent A$23.8",
,"supply of predominantly coal-fired electricity from Eskom. This,"
"million, which is 2.8% of influenceable spend40 and above our",
,together with an increase in the Eskom supplier-specific emission
Reconciliation Action Plan target of 2.4%.,
,"factor, led to an approximate 22% year-on-year increase in total"
We have a responsibility to manage human rights risks to people,Scope 2 emissions and a 2% year-on-year increase in total
across our operations and business relationships. Our suite of,operational emissions (total operations basis)43
"human rights training, which covers modern slavery and security, is",
,Read more in our Climate Change Action Plan 2025 at

=== Table 7 (page 55) ===
"achieve net zero emissions across all scopes (i.e. Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2050. In addition to meeting these commitments, we",
are focused on managing climate-related risks and opportunities to protect value and support continued resilience.,
,Strategy
Our Climate Change Action Plan 2025,
,"Describe the CRROs the organisation has identified over the short-,"
Our Climate Change Action Plan (CCAP) sets out our,
,medium- and long- term.
approach to addressing risks and opportunities,
,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 55-57, 67, 171-174"
"presented by climate change, and is central to the",
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 6, 10-11, 22-23, 30"
development and execution of our strategy. Our,
inaugural CCAP was put to a non-binding advisory vote at,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6"
"our 2022 Annual General Meeting, receiving strong","Describe the impact of CRROs on the organisation's businesses,"
"shareholder support, with 89.6% of votes cast in favour.",strategy and financial planning.
,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 55-57, 171-202"
Our CCAP 2025 is an update of our approach based on a,
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 8-26, 30"
refresh of our climate-related risks and opportunities,
(CRROs) and insights from implementing our inaugural,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 7-10"
CCAP. It outlines how we are continuing to position our,"Describe the resilience of the organisations strategy, taking into"
portfolio for the energy transition and reaffirms our,consideration different climate-related scenarios
commitment to reducing our operational (Scope 1 and 2),
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 10, 12, 21-24"
"emissions, supporting value chain (Scope 3) emissions",
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6"
reduction and enhancing our management of physical,
climate risks.,
,Risk management
Our CCAP 2025 will be the subject of a non-binding,
,Describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing
advisory shareholder vote at our 2025 AGM.,
,climate-related risks.
Find our Climate Change Action Plan 2025 at,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 55-57, 64-73"
www.south32.net and an overview on page 54 of this report.,
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 22-24, 30"
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6"
Our climate-related disclosures,
,Describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related
"Our climate-related disclosures are outlined in our CCAP 2025,",risks.
"Climate-related Risk and Reporting Methodology 2025 (CRRM), and",
,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 55-57, 64-73"
"the Climate Change tabs of our Sustainability Databook 2025,",
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 22-24, 30"
which are all available at www.south32.net.,
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6"
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures,
,"Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing"
We consider our climate-related financial disclosures to be,climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation’s overall risk
consistent with the recommendations and recommended,management.
disclosures of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 64-73, 171-174"
Disclosures (TCFD). This TCFD index outlines each recommended,
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 29-30"
disclosure and indicates where it is addressed in our reporting. As,
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6"
the primary explanation of our approach to addressing climate,
"change, most TCFD-aligned disclosures are included in our CCAP",
"2025, placing them in the broader context of our actions and",Metrics and targets
activities and supporting the non-binding advisory shareholder,Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess CRROs in line
vote on the CCAP. Certain more detailed TCFD-aligned disclosures,with its strategy and risk management process.
are contained in the CRRM and Sustainability Databook. As some,
,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 55-57, 149-153"
climate-related financial information is presented in these,
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 8-13, 18, 21-24, 29-30"
"documents, this Annual Report should be read in conjunction with",
,"Sustainability Databook 2025
Climate Change tabs"
our climate-related disclosures as detailed in this index.,
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 7-10"
Governance,"Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions,"
,and the related risks.
Describe the Board's oversight of CRROs.,
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 13, 18"
"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 105, 115-123",
,"Sustainability Databook 2025
Climate Change tabs"
"CCAP 2025
Pages: 29-30",
,"Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage CRROs, and"
"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6",
,performance against targets.
Describe management's role in assessing and managing CRROs.,
,"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 67, 149-153"
"Annual Report 2025
Pages: 29, 64-73",
,"CCAP 2025
Pages: 13, 18, 29"
"CCAP 2025
Pages: 29-30",
,"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6, 8-10"
"CRRM 2025
Pages: 4-6",

=== Table 8 (page 56) ===
Addressing risks and opportunities that climate change presents is central to our strategy.,
,Our strategy
Taking climate action,
"Contribute to the transition to a low-carbon, climate-resilient economy:",
Position our portfolio for the energy transition,
,We optimise our business
"Produce minerals and metals critical to the world’s energy transition
〉",
,"by working safely,"
"Advance our pipeline of base metals development options
〉","minimising our impact,"
,consistently delivering
"Explore for our next generation of base metal mines
〉",
,stable and predictable
"Continue to assess our portfolio resilience, using two future climate scenarios  
〉","performance, and"
,continually improving our
Reduce our operational emissions to mitigate transition risk and protect value,competitiveness.
"Halve our net operational emissions by FY35 from FY21 levels and pursue net zero 
〉",
operational emissions by 2050,
"Focus on our highest-emitting operations:
〉",
Hillside Aluminium and Mozal Aluminium: Pursue multi-stakeholder,We unlock the full value of
◦,
,our business through our
"collaboration to establish or maintain an affordable, low-carbon electricity",
,"people, innovation,"
solution,
,projects and technology.
"Worsley Alumina: Progress fuel switching as an interim step, while advancing 
◦",
our steam electrification study with support from the Australian Renewable,
Energy Agency (ARENA),
"Invest in technology innovation and collaborate with others to study, develop and 
〉",
,We identify and pursue
scale solutions,
,opportunities to
,sustainably reshape our
Support emissions reduction across our value chain,
,"business for the future,"
,"and create enduring social,"
"Contribute to the reduction of Scope 3 emissions to reach our net zero goal
〉",
,environmental and
"Engage 80% of our key suppliers and customers to align ambitions, support data 
〉",
,economic value.
"improvements and knowledge sharing, and identify strategic collaborations",

=== Table 9 (page 57) ===
Operational GHG emissions,Scope 3 emissions FY24 to FY25 (total operations)43,
"Today, over 90% of our operational emissions are generated within",,
"our aluminium value chain, mostly from coal-fired electricity use at",,
"our aluminium smelters, and coal-and gas-generated steam and",,
electricity use at Worsley Alumina.,54.2,
"In FY25, our conversion of two boilers from coal to gas at Worsley",,
Alumina (completed in FY24) contributed to a 12% reduction in,,
Worsley Alumina’s Scope 1 emissions and a 4.2% reduction in total,Mt CO₂-e,
"Scope 1 emissions42, both relative to FY21 levels. However, in FY25",,
drought conditions in the Zambezi basin resulted in an undersupply,,22.7
"of hydroelectric power to Mozal Aluminium, requiring an increase in",,
"supply of predominantly coal-fired electricity from Eskom. This,",,
together with an increase in the Eskom supplier-specific emission,,
"factor, led to an approximate 22% year-on-year increase in total",,
Scope 2 emissions and a 2% year-on-year increase in total,,
,,
operational emissions (total operations basis)43.,"FY24
Cat.11: 
Cat.10: 
Cat.10: 
Cat. 1:",FY25
,"Sale of 
Alumina
Manganese
Emission",
,"IMC
factors",
Operational emissions (total operations)43,,

=== Table 10 (page 57) ===
The Scope 3 component of our goal to achieve net zero emissions,,
,,"risks into our broader risk management framework, we are able to"
by 2050 recognises our responsibility to contribute to the reduction,,
,,assess their relative significance alongside other business risks and
"of emissions in our value chain. In FY25, Scope 3 emissions totalled",,
,develop appropriate responses.,
"22.7 Mt CO2-e, 58% lower than FY24 levels. This decrease was",,
primarily due to portfolio changes and improvements in calculation,,
,–,Group-level transition risks: The table on page 56
"methodology, including:",,
,,consolidates key insights from our Group-wide transition risk
,,"workshops held in FY25, mapped against the four key transition"
"–
The sale of Illawarra Metallurgical Coal (IMC) in August 2024,",,
,,"risk themes identified by the TCFD. For each risk theme, we"
which resulted in a 11.7 Mt CO2-e reduction for Use of sold,,
,,"outline relevant risks and opportunities, along with illustrative"
products (Category 11);,,
,,examples of our management responses.
"–
Improved tracking of alumina sales and updated emission",,
,–,Group-level physical risks: The table on page 57 consolidates
factors from the global average factor to country- or asset-,,
,,operation-level findings and broader hazard analysis to identify
specific emission factors (Category 10); and,,
,,seven physical climate change risk themes across our business.
"–
Lower sales volumes at Australia Manganese, alongside the",,
,,We describe each risk theme and the potential impact on our
adoption of the latest global average emission intensity for,,
,,"business, and provide illustrative examples of the management"
processing of manganese ore (Category 10).,,
,,responses in place to manage each risk (noting this list is not
"In addition, we have upgraded spend-based emission factors with",,exhaustive).
product-specific global average emission factors for several,,
,,To demonstrate how these transition and physical risks may align

=== Table 11 (page 60) ===
Risk and Reporting Methodology 2025 (Methodology) and the Sustainability Standards and Frameworks Index (Index)) for the year ended
30 June 2025.
Conclusion
a) Reasonable assurance opinion: Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
"In our opinion, the reported Scope 1 and 2 (location-based) GHG Emissions of 24.7 Mt CO2-e and reported Scope 1 and 2 (market-"
based) GHG Emissions of 20.7 Mt CO2-e disclosed in South32 Limited’s 2025 Reports for the year ended 30 June 2025 have been
"prepared by South32 Limited, in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting Criteria."
b) Limited assurance conclusion: Sustainability Information
"Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention to cause us to believe that the"
Sustainability Information Subject to Assurance presented in South32 Limited’s 2025 Reports for the year ended 30 June 2025 are
"not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting Criteria."

=== Table 12 (page 61) ===
Information Subject to Assurance continued,,
"The following performance information: 
◦",,
,,Criteria used as the basis of reporting
"Performance Information
Level of Assurance",Performance Result,(the Reporting Criteria)
GHG Emissions,,
,,World Resources Institute (WRI) and World
,,Business Council for Sustainable Development
Total gross Scope 1 and Scope,,(WBCSD)’s GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting
2 (Location-Based) GHG,,and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition (2015);
Reasonable,24.7 Mt CO2-e,
Emissions (operational control,,
,,GHG Protocol: Scope 2 Guidance; and
basis),,
,,Basis of Preparation (BoP) as described and
,,presented within the Climate-related Risk and
Total gross Scope 1 and Scope,,Reporting Methodology 2025 available on South32
2 (Market-Based) GHG,,Limited’s website at https://www.south32.net/
Reasonable,20.7 Mt CO2-e,
Emissions (operational control,,investors-media/investor-centre/annual-reporting-
basis),,suite (South32 Limited’s website).
,,WRI and WBSCD’s GHG Protocol Corporate Value
,,Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting
,,Standard (2013) and Technical Guidance for
,,Calculating Scope 3 Emissions (version 1.0); and
"Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Limited",22.7 Mt CO2-e,
,,BoP as described and presented within the
,,Climate-related Risk and Reporting Methodology
,,2025 available on South32 Limited’s website.
"Total energy (managed basis) 
Limited",159 PJ,Basis of Preparation (BoP) as described and
Operational GHG emissions,,presented within the Climate-related Risk and
,,Reporting Methodology 2025 available on South32
,24.3 tCO2-e /t Cu-eq,
basis),,Limited’s website.
Safety and Health,,
Headcount - Employees,"8,892",
Headcount - Contractors,"9,437",
Total hours worked,36.6 mil of hours,
Total fatalities,1,
Total recordable injuries,134,
Total recordable occupational,,
,37,
illness,,
,,Terms and definitions presented within the
Total lost time injury frequency,,
Limited,1.4,Databook – Safety and Health tab available on
(LTIF),,
,,South32 Limited’s website.
Total recordable injury,,
,3.7,
frequency (TRIF),,
Total high potential injuries,,
,6,
and illnesses (HPII),,
Total high potential injuries,,
,0.2,
and illnesses frequency (HPIIF),,
Total recordable illness,,
,1.0,
frequency (TRILF),,

=== Table 13 (page 64) ===
"Our procedures depended on our understanding of the Information Subject to Limited Assurance and other engagement circumstances,",
"and our consideration of areas where material misstatements are likely to arise. In carrying out our engagement, the procedures we",
performed primarily consisted of:,
•,"Enquiries with senior management and relevant staff at corporate and four operating sites covering Worsley Alumina, Hillside"
,"Aluminium, South Africa Manganese and Cannington, to assess the key systems, processes and internal controls to capture, collate,"
,calculate and report the Information Subject to Assurance;
•,Assessment of the suitability and application of the Reporting Criteria in respect of the Information Subject to Assurance;
•,Analytical procedures over the Information Subject to Assurance;
•,Testing the Scope 3 GHG Emissions to source documentation on a sample basis;
•,"Substantive testing of the Information Subject to Assurance, on a sample basis, at corporate and operational level, covering Worsley"
,"Alumina, Hillside Aluminium, South Africa Manganese and Cannington;"
•,Testing the mathematical accuracy of a sample of calculations underlying the Information Subject to Assurance;
•,Corroborative inquiries with relevant management to understand progress described in the CCAP in relation to the four focus area of
,"climate action, being positioning the portfolio for the energy transition, reducing operational emissions, supporting emissions reduction"
,"across the value chain and strengthening physical climate resilience, and testing the information disclosed in the CCAP to source"
,documentation on a sample basis;
•,"Reconciling the Information Subject to Assurance to underlying information, on a sample basis;"
•,"Assessing South32 Limited’s incorporation of the requirements of the ICMM 10 principles for sustainable development, and the"
,"mandatory requirements set out in the ICMM Position Statements, into its own policies, strategies and standards, and disclosure of the"
,"prioritization process for selecting operations for third party PE assurance and disclosure of alignment with PEs for Cannington, Hillside"
,"Aluminium, and South Africa Manganese;"
•,Assessing South32 Limited’s disclosure alignment with the GRI Standards and TCFD recommended disclosures;
•,Reviewing South32 Limited’s disclosure regarding the approach it has adopted to identify and prioritise its material sustainable
,development risks and opportunities and comparing it to our overall knowledge of South32 Limited and the context we gathered by
,conducting print and social media searches to assess the completeness of South32 Limited’s own materiality assessment;
•,Reviewing the Climate-related Risk and Reporting Methodology 2025 and the Information Subject to Assurance in its entirety to ensure
,it is consistent with our overall knowledge of South32 Limited and our observation of its operations.

=== Table 14 (page 152) ===
150,South32 Annual Report 2025
Remuneration report continued,
Strategic measures,
LTI strategic measures were introduced in FY22 to directly link executive remuneration to long-term business priorities; namely the,
transition of our portfolio towards minerals and metals critical to the world's energy transition and our response to climate change.,
,Progressing these two critical and interdependent priorities is central to delivering our strategy and reshaping our business for the future.
"Alongside the introduction of strategic measures, we commenced annual performance updates to enable external stakeholders to track",
and judge our progress.,
"In the assessment of FY22 LTI strategic measures, the Board reviewed the material progression of FY22 planned activities and the",
shareholder experience over the four-year performance period. To ensure strategic measure activities are not assessed across multiple,
,"concurrent LTI awards, the evaluation focused on activities initiated or completed in the first year of the award and their progression over"
,"the subsequent three years. As part of its deliberations, the Board assessed how each achievement  contributed to the transformation of"
,"our portfolio in accordance with our strategy and addressed climate change in line with our Climate Change Action Plan. Consequently, the"
,"Board determined a performance outcome of 15% out of 20%, with key considerations for the assessment of each measure detailed in the"
following table.,
,Vesting
Strategic measure,"Weighting
Outcome"
Portfolio Management,
,"10%
8%"
We are planning to further reshape our portfolio and increase our exposure to commodities critical for a low-carbon,
future.,
Building a high-quality portfolio of greenfield and brownfield exploration and development options:,
–,"Greenfield activity included agreements to extend strategic alliances and create new partnerships, however no portfolio interests were"
,progressed to a development decision during the assessed performance period; and
–,Drill results from Hermosa's Peake prospect were released to the market in January 2022 with the potential to add future copper production.
Optimising our existing portfolio by responsibly transferring ownership of non-core operations or transitioning them to closure:,
–,"Activity continued to assess our portfolio optimisation alternatives, including the re-start of our previously idled Brazil Aluminium smelter using"
,"renewable energy. Although the smelter ramped-up slower than initially expected during the assessed performance period, its re-start"
,contributed meaningfully to our growth in aluminium production and generated more value than the presented alternatives of closure or sale.
"Developing or acquiring operations which are cash generative through the cycle, improving the overall quality of our business:",
–,"Activity included the acquisition of a 45% interest in Sierra Gorda, an additional 18.2% stake in Mineração Rio do Norte (MRN) and a 16.6%"
,interest in Mozal Aluminium. These acquisitions further balanced our portfolio towards minerals and metals critical to the global energy
,"transition, while also helping secure the future of our integrated aluminium value chain in Brazil."
Maintaining discipline by adhering to our proven capital management framework:,
–,"Our balanced approach to capital management continued in FY22 with record returns to shareholders, including US$267M through the"
,continuation of our ongoing capital management program which included our on-market share buy-back and special dividends.
Climate Change,
,"10%
7%"
We are taking action to meet our target to reduce our operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by,
"50% by 2035, from an FY21 baseline, in accordance with our 2022 Climate Change Action Plan.",
"Advancing conceptual projects through our capital investment tollgates, and the successful commissioning of identified emissions reduction",
"projects, which included:",
–,"Completed the AP3XLE energy efficiency technology feasibility study at Hillside Aluminium, progressing to conversion of 56.8% of pots;"

=== Table 15 (page 176) ===
174,South32 Annual Report 2025
Notes to financial statements – Basis of preparation continued,
2.,Basis of preparation continued
(c),"Key estimates, assumptions and judgements continued"
Climate-related risks and opportunities continued,
Sensitivity analysis,
,"The Group’s forecast commodity prices and other key assumptions represent management’s expectations on likely outcomes, with a base"
"case estimation of climate-related warming trajectory of at least 2°C above pre-industrial levels, and up to around 2.8°C by 2100. When",
"assessing whether there is any indication of impairment or impairment reversal, management performs a sensitivity analysis by",
"considering a range of possible scenarios, with no one scenario being conclusive in isolation. The sensitivity analysis shows that a 1.5°C",
,"scenario, reflecting a rapid, globally coordinated decarbonising world, would have a significant effect on the recoverable amount of Hillside"
Aluminium.,
"The Group utilises an internal price on carbon to inform decision-making and valuations, based on actual enacted schemes less allowable",
,"abatements, where applicable, and a long-term base case estimate of US$68 per tonne CO2-e (real) applied to all Scope 1 and 2 emissions"
"from FY40 onwards. In developing forecast global carbon prices, the Group considers policy and market-driven carbon prices as well as",
"abatement costs, weighted across developed and developing countries. When assessing for impairment indicators, the Group has",
"considered the sensitivity of operations to changes in carbon prices, noting that the Group’s operations are not uniformly impacted by",
carbon prices. The impact is influenced by the amount of Scope 1 and 2 emissions the operation generates and the jurisdiction in which it,
"operates, in combination with the respective LoOPs.",
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves,
,"Estimating the quantity and/or grade of Mineral Resources requires the location, quantity, grade (or quality), continuity and other geological"
"characteristics to be known, estimated or interpreted from specific geological evidence and knowledge, including sampling, in order to",
satisfy the requirement that there are reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. This process may require complex,
geological assessments to interpret the data.,
"An Ore Reserve is the economically mineable part of the Measured and/or Indicated Mineral Resource that can be legally extracted, or",
where there is a reasonable expectation that approvals for extraction will be granted. Whilst future approval conditions may be more,
"onerous than current operating conditions, any such conditions are expected to be reasonable, scientifically based and aligned with",
"prevailing legislation. In order to estimate Ore Reserves, consideration is required for a range of modifying factors, including mining,",
"processing, metallurgical, infrastructure, economic, marketing, legal, environmental, social and governmental. When reporting Ore",
"Reserves, the relevant studies, to at least a pre-feasibility level, must demonstrate that, at the time of reporting, extraction could be",
"reasonably justified, including a consideration of forecast sales prices.",
"The Group reports Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves in accordance with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results,",
"Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code), and the ASX Listing Rules Chapter 5: Additional reporting on mining and oil and gas",
production and exploration activities.,
"Because the economic assumptions used to estimate the Ore Reserves change from period to period, and because additional geological",
"data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves may change from period to",
"period. The Group’s planning processes consider the impacts of climate change on its Ore Reserves, including assessments of operating",
costs and the impact of potential extreme weather events on the expectation of economic extraction.,
The Group may also include Exploration Targets in determining the recoverable amount of a CGU or an exploration area of interest.,
"Similar to climate-related risks and opportunities, changes in the Group’s estimates of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, including",
"exploration targets, may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position in a number of ways, including asset recoverable",
,"amounts, useful lives of assets, commercial viability of exploration areas of interest, timing and cost of closure and rehabilitation activities,"
and the recovery of any associated deferred tax assets.,

=== Table 16 (page 201) ===
"13.
Impairment of non-financial assets continued"
"K
ey estimates, assumptions and judgements"
An assessment as to whether there is any indication of impairment and the calculation of a CGU’s recoverable amount requires
"management to make estimates and assumptions about expected production and sales volumes, commodity prices, foreign"
"exchange rates, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, regulatory approvals, operating costs, closure and rehabilitation costs, capital"
"expenditure, allocation of corporate costs, jurisdiction-specific carbon prices and global carbon pricing. These estimates and"
"assumptions are subject to risk and uncertainty. There is a possibility that changes in circumstances will alter these projections,"
"which may impact the recoverable amount. In such circumstances, some or all of the carrying amount may be impaired or a"
previously recognised impairment charge may be reversed with the impact recognised in the Consolidated income statement.
The key estimates and assumptions used in the assessment of impairment indicators are as follows:
"Future production
LoOPs based on Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates, economic life of smelters and refineries"
"and, in certain cases, Exploration Targets and expansion projects, including future cost of production."
"Refer to note 2(c) Key estimates, assumptions and judgements for further details regarding Mineral"
Resources and Ore Reserves as sources of estimation uncertainty.
"Commodity prices and 
Short-term price assumptions are based on an assessment of market signposts including observed"
"market traded 
prices such as forwards, futures and reported transactions. Long-term price estimates are typically"
"consumables
developed based on the demand and supply drivers of a commodity, refer to note 2(c) Key estimates,"
assumptions and judgements for further details regarding our base case commodity price outlook.
"Exchange rates
Short-term exchange rate estimates are guided primarily by spot or forward exchange rates. Longer"
term estimates are based on an assessment of available market data and economic indicators.
"Discount rates
Risk-adjusted cost of capital appropriate to the operation."
"Regulatory approvals
LoOPs include assumptions associated with the successful application, and timing thereof, of ongoing"
and future regulatory approvals.
"Carbon prices
Carbon price assumptions are based on actual enacted schemes less allowable abatements, where"
"applicable, and a long-term base case estimate of US$68 per tonne CO2-e (real) applied to all Scope 1"
and 2 emissions from FY40 onwards.
"Where impairment testing is undertaken, a range of external sources are considered as further input to the above assumptions."
Exploration and evaluation
"For areas not yet in production, judgement is required to determine the likelihood of future economic benefits from future"
"development, and whether sufficient data exists to indicate that, although a development in the specific area is likely to proceed,"
the carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset (including associated acquired mineral rights) is unlikely to be
"recovered in full. At or before the final investment decision for a given area of interest, and once technical feasibility and commercial"
"viability has been demonstrated, the Group assesses the carrying value of that area of interest for impairment or, for an area of"
"interest previously impaired, impairment reversal."
Worsley Alumina
The LoOP for Worsley Alumina incorporates the assumption that the operation will secure all necessary future regulatory approvals
to continue activities beyond currently approved mining areas. The Group expects that approvals will be obtained within
appropriate timeframes to support the forecast production profile. Continuing operations beyond the currently approved mining
areas is expected to require significant capital investment and emissions reduction expenditure. Any material change to these
"assumptions, whether in timing, regulatory conditions, or expenditure estimates, could impact the recoverable amount and"
economic useful life of Worsley Alumina.
Hermosa - Taylor Deposit
"In February 2024, the Directors approved a final investment decision to develop the Taylor Deposit when the project's technical"
"feasibility and commercial viability was demonstrated, and the project entered the development and construction phase. In addition"
"to the key estimates and assumptions pervasive across most of the Group's operations outlined above, the Taylor Deposit project"
"carries risk typically associated with greenfield projects in the construction phase, including delivery to project schedule and pre-"
"production capital expenditure escalation. Key capital costs, such as steel, cement and electrical components, are subject to"
"uncertainty, including the impact of industry-wide inflation. In addition, the cost and availability of these inputs may be further"
"affected by evolving U.S. trade policy and potential changes to tariffs on imported goods, which remain uncertain in the current"
economic and political environment. Changes to these assumptions could impact the recoverable amount of the Taylor Deposit.

=== Table 17 (page 265) ===
Greenfield,HY2 FYXX,Injury
An exploration or development project that,Refers to the 6 months starting on 1,An occupational injury occurs during a
"refers to a new venture or operation,","January 20XX and ending on 30 June 20XX,",single work shift or a single exposure to an
without any association or proximity to a,where XX is the two-digit number for the,"agent(s) causing an acute toxic effect,"
current operation.,year.,which can be identified by time and place
,,resulting from direct contact with an object
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,ICMM,
,,following an instantaneous event. Examples
"For our reporting purposes, GHG emissions","ICMM, previously referred to as the",
,,"include cut, puncture, laceration, abrasion,"
are the combined anthropogenic emissions,"International Council on Mining and Metals,",
,,"fracture, bruise, contusion, chipping tooth,"
"of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4),",is an international organisation that leads,
,,"amputation, insect bite, electrocution, or a"
"nitrous oxide (N2O), perfluorocarbons (PFCs)",through collaboration to enhance the,
,,"thermal, chemical, electrical or radiation"
and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6). They are,contribution of mining and metals to,
,,burn. Sprain and strain injuries to muscles
measured in carbon dioxide equivalent,sustainable development. As a corporate,
,,joints connective tissue are classified as
(CO2-e). Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) GHG,"member, South32 commits to",
,,"injuries when they result from a slip, trip, fall"
emissions are currently not relevant for our,implementing and reporting on the ICMM,
,,or other similar accidents.
reporting purposes.,"Mining Principles, Performance",
,Expectations and mandatory requirements,Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
"–
Scope 1 emissions - GHG emissions",,
,"set out in the Position Statements, which",Change (IPCC)
"from our own operations, including the",,
,"define environmental, social and",The IPCC is the United Nations body for
electricity we generate at our sites.,,
,governance requirements.,assessing the science related to climate
"–
Scope 2 emissions - Indirect GHG",,change. Established in 1988 by the World
,IMC,
emissions from the generation of,,Meteorological Organization (WMO) and
,Illawarra Metallurgical Coal.,
purchased electricity.,,United Nations Environment Program
,,"(UNEP), the IPCC provides policymakers"
"–
Scope 3 emissions - GHG emissions in",Indicated Mineral Resource,
,,with regular assessments of the scientific
the value chain.,That part of a Mineral Resource for which,
,,"basis of climate change, its impacts, future"
,"quantity, grade (or quality), densities, shape",
Gross Domestic Product (GDP),,"risks, and options for adaptation and"
,and physical characteristics are estimated,
Total monetary or market value of all the,,mitigation.
,with sufficient confidence. This allows the,
finished goods and services produced,,
,application of Modifying Factors in,International Financial Reporting
within a country’s borders in a specific time,,
,sufficient detail to support mine planning,Standards (IFRS)
period.,,
,and evaluation of the economic viability of,
,,Accounting standards as issued by the
,the deposit (JORC Code).,
Hazard,,IASB (International Accounting Standards
Something that has the potential to cause,,Board).
,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples",
"harm, ill health or injury, or damage to",,
,"We use the defined term ‘Indigenous,",JORC
"property, plant, or the environment.",,
,Traditional and Tribal Peoples’ as per the,
,,Joint Ore Reserves Committee comprising
,definition and guidance set out in the,
HMM,,representatives of The Australasian
,"Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention,",
Hotazel Manganese Mines.,,Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
,1989 (No. 169). We use this term inclusively,
,,"(AusIMM), Australian Institute of"
HRIAs,to encompass the diversity of worldwide,
,,Geoscientists (AIG) and Minerals Council of
Human Rights Impact Assessments.,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples,",
,,Australia (MCA) as well as the Australian
,"including but not limited First Nations,",
,,"Securities Exchange (ASX), the Financial"
HRRSAs,,
,"Native Americans, Traditional Owners,",
,,Services Institute of Australasia (FinSIA) and
Human Rights Risk Self-assessments.,Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander,
,,the accounting profession.
,Peoples and other land connected,
Human Rights,,
,communities. We recognise that no single,JORC Code
Human rights are the universal and,,
,definition can fully capture the diversity of,The Australasian Code for reporting of
inalienable rights and freedoms that every,,
,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples.","Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and"
"person is entitled to regardless of race, sex,",,
,,Ore Reserves 2012 Edition prepared by the
"nationality, ethnicity, language, religion or",Inferred Mineral Resources,
,,JORC.
any other status. Human rights recognise,That part of a Mineral Resource for which,
"the inherent value of each person, based",quantity and grade (or quality) are,JSE
"on principles of dignity, equality and",estimated on the basis of limited geological,Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
respect. We are committed to respecting,evidence and sampling. Geological,
,,Just transition
all internationally recognised human rights,evidence is sufficient to imply but not verify,
as set out in the International Bill of Human,,The concept of a just transition reflects the
,geological and grade (or quality) continuity,
Rights (comprising the Universal,,"imperative to manage social impacts, risks"
,(JORC Code).,
"Declaration of Human Rights, the",,and opportunities as we move towards a

=== Table 18 (page 265) ===
Greenfield,HY2 FYXX,Injury
An exploration or development project that,Refers to the 6 months starting on 1,An occupational injury occurs during a
"refers to a new venture or operation,","January 20XX and ending on 30 June 20XX,",single work shift or a single exposure to an
without any association or proximity to a,where XX is the two-digit number for the,"agent(s) causing an acute toxic effect,"
current operation.,year.,which can be identified by time and place
,,resulting from direct contact with an object
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,ICMM,
,,following an instantaneous event. Examples
"For our reporting purposes, GHG emissions","ICMM, previously referred to as the",
,,"include cut, puncture, laceration, abrasion,"
are the combined anthropogenic emissions,"International Council on Mining and Metals,",
,,"fracture, bruise, contusion, chipping tooth,"
"of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4),",is an international organisation that leads,
,,"amputation, insect bite, electrocution, or a"
"nitrous oxide (N2O), perfluorocarbons (PFCs)",through collaboration to enhance the,
,,"thermal, chemical, electrical or radiation"
and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6). They are,contribution of mining and metals to,
,,burn. Sprain and strain injuries to muscles
measured in carbon dioxide equivalent,sustainable development. As a corporate,
,,joints connective tissue are classified as
(CO2-e). Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) GHG,"member, South32 commits to",
,,"injuries when they result from a slip, trip, fall"
emissions are currently not relevant for our,implementing and reporting on the ICMM,
,,or other similar accidents.
reporting purposes.,"Mining Principles, Performance",
,Expectations and mandatory requirements,Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
"–
Scope 1 emissions - GHG emissions",,
,"set out in the Position Statements, which",Change (IPCC)
"from our own operations, including the",,
,"define environmental, social and",The IPCC is the United Nations body for
electricity we generate at our sites.,,
,governance requirements.,assessing the science related to climate
"–
Scope 2 emissions - Indirect GHG",,change. Established in 1988 by the World
,IMC,
emissions from the generation of,,Meteorological Organization (WMO) and
,Illawarra Metallurgical Coal.,
purchased electricity.,,United Nations Environment Program
,,"(UNEP), the IPCC provides policymakers"
"–
Scope 3 emissions - GHG emissions in",Indicated Mineral Resource,
,,with regular assessments of the scientific
the value chain.,That part of a Mineral Resource for which,
,,"basis of climate change, its impacts, future"
,"quantity, grade (or quality), densities, shape",
Gross Domestic Product (GDP),,"risks, and options for adaptation and"
,and physical characteristics are estimated,
Total monetary or market value of all the,,mitigation.
,with sufficient confidence. This allows the,
finished goods and services produced,,
,application of Modifying Factors in,International Financial Reporting
within a country’s borders in a specific time,,
,sufficient detail to support mine planning,Standards (IFRS)
period.,,
,and evaluation of the economic viability of,
,,Accounting standards as issued by the
,the deposit (JORC Code).,
Hazard,,IASB (International Accounting Standards
Something that has the potential to cause,,Board).
,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples",
"harm, ill health or injury, or damage to",,
,"We use the defined term ‘Indigenous,",JORC
"property, plant, or the environment.",,
,Traditional and Tribal Peoples’ as per the,
,,Joint Ore Reserves Committee comprising
,definition and guidance set out in the,
HMM,,representatives of The Australasian
,"Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention,",
Hotazel Manganese Mines.,,Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
,1989 (No. 169). We use this term inclusively,
,,"(AusIMM), Australian Institute of"
HRIAs,to encompass the diversity of worldwide,
,,Geoscientists (AIG) and Minerals Council of
Human Rights Impact Assessments.,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples,",
,,Australia (MCA) as well as the Australian
,"including but not limited First Nations,",
,,"Securities Exchange (ASX), the Financial"
HRRSAs,,
,"Native Americans, Traditional Owners,",
,,Services Institute of Australasia (FinSIA) and
Human Rights Risk Self-assessments.,Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander,
,,the accounting profession.
,Peoples and other land connected,
Human Rights,,
,communities. We recognise that no single,JORC Code
Human rights are the universal and,,
,definition can fully capture the diversity of,The Australasian Code for reporting of
inalienable rights and freedoms that every,,
,"Indigenous, Traditional and Tribal Peoples.","Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and"
"person is entitled to regardless of race, sex,",,
,,Ore Reserves 2012 Edition prepared by the
"nationality, ethnicity, language, religion or",Inferred Mineral Resources,
,,JORC.
any other status. Human rights recognise,That part of a Mineral Resource for which,
"the inherent value of each person, based",quantity and grade (or quality) are,JSE
"on principles of dignity, equality and",estimated on the basis of limited geological,Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
respect. We are committed to respecting,evidence and sampling. Geological,
,,Just transition
all internationally recognised human rights,evidence is sufficient to imply but not verify,
as set out in the International Bill of Human,,The concept of a just transition reflects the
,geological and grade (or quality) continuity,
Rights (comprising the Universal,,"imperative to manage social impacts, risks"
,(JORC Code).,
"Declaration of Human Rights, the",,and opportunities as we move towards a
International Covenant on Civil and Political,,low-carbon economy. It is an approach to
Rights and the International Covenant on,,decarbonisation that seeks to centre the
"Economic, Social and Cultural Rights) and",,interests of those most affected —
the International Labour Organization,,including workers and communities — to
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and,,"enable a fair, equitable and inclusive"
Rights at Work.,,transition.
HY1 FYXX,,KMP
Refers to the 6 months starting on 1 July,,Key management personnel are people
"20XX and ending on 31 December 20XX,",,who have authority and responsibility for
where XX is the two-digit number for the,,"planning, directing and controlling the"
year.,,activities of South32 either directly or
,,indirectly.

=== Table 19 (page 268) ===
"266
South32 Annual Report 2025",,
Glossary of terms and abbreviations continued,,
Operated joint ventures,Paris Agreement,RAC
"Operations, development projects and",A legally binding international treaty,Risk and Audit Committee.
"options, and exploration prospects which",adopted in 2015 by Parties to the United,
,,RAP
are not wholly owned by South32 Limited,Nations Framework Convention on Climate,
,,Reconciliation Action Plan.
or its subsidiaries and for which South32,"Change (UNFCCC), committing",
"manages the operation, being, Australia",governments to progressively strengthen,
,,Realised sales price
"Manganese, Eagle Downs, South Africa",national climate targets to limit warming to,
,,Realised sales price is calculated as
"Manganese, Minera Sud Argentina, Mozal","well below 2°C (pursuing 1.5°C), while",
,,Underlying revenue excluding third-party
Aluminium and Worsley Alumina. Details of,enhancing adaptation and support for,
,,products and services divided by sales
South32's ownership interest can be found,developing countries.,
,,volume.
on page 272 of this Report and in the,,
,Payable copper equivalent production (kt),
'Reporting boundaries' tab of our,,Recordable Illnesses
,Calculated by aggregating revenues from,
Sustainability Databook 2025 at,,The sum of work-related (fatalities +
,"copper, molybdenum, gold and silver, and",
www.south32.net.,,illnesses that caused permanent
,dividing the total Revenue by the price of,
,,impairment >30% of body + lost time
Operational emissions,copper. FY24 realised prices for copper,
,,illnesses + restricted work illnesses +
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from our,"(US$3.86/lb), molybdenum (US$20.60/lb),",
,,medical treatment illnesses).
operated assets.,"gold (US$2,129/oz) and silver (US$24.8/oz)",
,have been used for FY24 and FY25. FY25,Recordable injuries
Operating cost,,
,"realised prices for copper (US$4.18/lb),",The sum of work-related (fatalities + injuries
Operating cost is Underlying revenue less,,
,"molybdenum (US$21.12/lb), gold (US$2,877/",that caused permanent impairment >30%
Underlying EBITDA excluding third-party,,
,oz) and silver (US$31.7/oz) have been used,of body + lost time injuries + restricted
products and services.,,
,for FY26e and FY27e.,work injuries + medical treatment injuries).
Operating unit cost,,
,Payable zinc equivalent (kt),Reserve Life
Operating unit cost is Underlying revenue,,
,Calculated by aggregating revenues from,The scheduled extraction period in years
"less Underlying EBITDA, excluding third-",,
,"payable silver, lead and zinc, and dividing",for the Total Ore Reserves in the approved
"party products and services, divided by",,
,the total Revenue by the price of zinc.,Life of Operation Plan.
sales volumes.,,
,"FY24 realised prices for zinc (US$2,230/t),",
,,Return on invested capital (ROIC)
,"lead (US$2,002/t) and silver (US$24.8/oz)",
Operating margin,,
,have been used for FY24 and FY25.,Return on invested capital (ROIC) is a key
Comprises Underlying EBITDA excluding,,
,"FY25 realised prices for zinc (US$2,648/t),",measure that South32 uses to assess
"third-party products and services EBITDA,",,
,"lead (US$1,883/t) and silver (US$31.9/oz)",performance. ROIC is calculated as
divided by Underlying revenue excluding,,
,have been used for FY26e and FY27e.,Underlying EBIT less the discount on
third-party products and services revenue.,,
,,rehabilitation provisions included in
Also referred to as operating margin.,Physical risk,
,,"Underlying net finance costs, tax effected"
,Physical climate risks are driven or,by the Group’s Underlying effective tax rate
Ore Reserve,,
,"intensified by weather, climate variability or",(ETR) including our material equity
The economically mineable part of a,,
,"climate change. They include acute risks,",accounted investments on a proportional
Measured and/or Indicated Mineral,,
,resulting from increased frequency or,"consolidation basis, divided by the sum of"
Resource. It includes diluting materials and,,
,severity of extreme weather events (e.g.,fixed assets (excluding any rehabilitation
"allowances for losses, which may occur",,
,drought or flood events) that can disrupt,"assets, the impact of any impairments or"
when the material is mined or extracted,,
,"operations, damage infrastructure and/or","impairment reversals, and unproductive"
and is defined by studies at Prefeasibility or,,
,"interrupt supply chains; and chronic risks,",capital) and inventories.
Feasibility level as appropriate that include,,
,resulting from longer-term changes in,
application of Modifying Factors. Such,,
,,Reused/recycled water
,climate patterns (e.g. sustained higher,
"studies demonstrate that, at the time of",,
,"temperatures, changing rainfall patterns,",Water that has been used in an operational
"reporting, extraction could reasonably be",,
,sea level rise) that can progressively affect,task and is recovered and used again in an
justified (JORC Code).,,
,"operational performance, natural resources","operational task, either without (reuse) or"
Operational water efficiency,availability (e.g. water) and energy needs.,with (recycle) treatment.
Percentage of water used for operational,,
,Probable Ore Reserve,ROM (Run of Mine product)
activities which is reused/recycled water.,,
,The economically mineable part of an,Product mined in the course of regular
Calculated as the sum of reuse and,,
,"Indicated and, in some circumstances, a",mining activities.
recycled water divided by the sum of water,,
,Measured Mineral Resource. The,
used for operational activities.,,RPO (Recognised Professional
,confidence in the Modifying Factors,
,,Organisation)
Our people,applying to a Probable Ore Reserve is lower,
,,Accredited organisations to which
As defined in our Code of Business,than that applying to a Proved Ore Reserve,
,,Competent Persons must belong for the
"Conduct, our people includes South32",(JORC Code).,
,,purpose of preparing reports on
"Directors, executive management,",,
,Proved Ore Reserve,"Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and"
employees and contractor staff.,,
,The economically mineable part of a,Ore Reserves for submission to the ASX (if
,Measured Mineral Resource. A Proved Ore,they are not members of the AusIMM or
,Reserve implies a high degree of,AIG).
,confidence in the Modifying Factors (JORC,
,,SACNASP
,Code).,
,,South African Council for Natural Scientific
,Pr.Sci.Nat.,Professions.
,Professional Natural Scientist of the South,
,African Council for Natural Scientific,
,Professions.,

=== Table 20 (page 269) ===
Salient human rights issues,Significant event,Stockpile (SP)
As defined by the United Nations Guiding,Any event with Actual or Potential Health,An accumulation of ore or mineral built up
"Principles Reporting Framework, salient",Safety Severity of PL4 (Potential for Fatality),when demand slackens or when the
human rights issues are those human,or above.,treatment plant or beneficiation equipment
rights that stand out because they are at,,is incomplete or temporarily unable to
,Significant hazards frequency,
risk of the most severe negative impact,,process the mine output; any heap of
,"(The sum of significant hazards x 1,000,000)",
through the company’s activities or,,material formed to create a buffer for
,÷ exposure hours. This is stated in units of,
business relationships. This concept of,,"loading or other purposes, or material dug"
,per million hours worked for employees,
"salience uses the lens of risk to people, not",,and piled for future use.
,and contractors. A significant hazard is,
"the business, as the starting point, while",,
,something that has the potential to cause,STI
recognising that where risks to people’s,,
,"harm, ill health or injury, or damage to",Short-term incentive.
"human rights are greatest, there is strong",,
,"property, plant or the environment.",
convergence with risk to the business.,,
,,Supply chain
,SMMEs,The global network of suppliers that
SAEC,,
,"Small, medium and micro enterprises.","support South32’s operations,"
South Africa Energy Coal.,,
,,development options and exploration
,Social investment,
‘Safety guarantee’,,"programs through the flow of goods,"
,Contributions made to support,
"Nothing is more important than the health,",,services and information.
,communities where we operate or have an,
safety and wellbeing of our people. At,,
,interest. Our contributions to community,"Sustainability, sustainable development,"
"South32, we are united by our belief that",,
,programs comprise direct investment,"sustainably, sustainable"
"everyone can go home safe and well, every",,
,"(including Enterprise Development, a",Our approach to sustainability aims to
day. Our ‘safety guarantee’ is our internal,,
,component of Enterprise and Supplier,"balance environmental, social and"
approach to creating a sense of chronic,,
,"Development), in-kind support and",economic considerations in a way that
unease to enhance our safety culture.,,
,administrative costs.,creates enduring value for our
"Every day, we ask our people to reflect on",,
whether they can guarantee both their,,stakeholders. We recognise that in many
,Source Pathway Receptor,
safety and that of their colleagues when,,cases these considerations will be
,Process to identify air emission sources and,
"executing their role. If the answer is no,",,interdependent or may compete or conflict
,assess potential impacts. Begins with,
then the challenge is to stop and ask what,,with each other. In delivering our strategy
,locating where the air emissions originate,
would need to be done differently to,,we aim to understand and balance the
,"(source), followed by assessing how they",
provide that guarantee.,,"environmental, social and economic"
,can travel through the environment,
,,impacts of our business in a way that seeks
Sands,"(pathway), then consideration is given to",
,,to create value overall. References to
,"who or what could be affected (receptor),",
Tailings produced as a by-product during,,sustainability (including sustainable
,being communities and the environment.,
beneficiation of ore.,,development and sustainably) in the suite
,South32 Equity Incentive Plan,or other disclosures do not mean that there
SASB,,
,,"will be no adverse impact, or an absolute"
,An equity incentive plan that allows the,
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board.,,
,,"outcome, in any one area."
,Board to make offers to employees to,
Scope 1 emissions,acquire securities in South32 Limited and,
,,Tailings
"GHG emissions from our own operations,",to otherwise incentivise employees.,
,,The left-over materials that remain after
including the electricity we generate at our,,
,"South32, South32 Group or Group",the target mineral is extracted from ore.
sites.,,
,Refers to South32 Limited and its,
,,Target
Scope 2 emissions,"subsidiaries and operated joint ventures,",
,,An intended outcome in relation to which
Indirect GHG emissions from the,unless otherwise stated.,
,,we have identified one or more pathways
generation of purchased or acquired,,
,South32 share,"for delivery of that outcome, subject to"
"electricity, steam, heating or cooling",,
,,certain assumptions or conditions.
,South32’s ownership share of operations,
consumed by an entity. Purchased and,,
,are presented as follows: Worsley Alumina,
acquired electricity is electricity that is,,Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial
,"(86% share), Brazil Alumina (36% share),",
purchased or otherwise brought into an,,Disclosures (TCFD)
,"Brazil Aluminium (40% share),",
entity’s boundary. Scope 2 greenhouse gas,,The TCFD developed a framework for
,"Hillside Aluminium (100%), Mozal Aluminium",
emissions physically occur at the facility,,"climate-related financial disclosures,"
,"(63.7% share), Sierra Gorda (45% share),",
where electricity is generated.,,including a set of recommended
,"Cannington (100%), Hermosa (100%), Cerro",
,,disclosures structured around the four
Scope 3 emissions,"Matoso (99.9% share), Australia Manganese",
,,"recommendation pillars of governance,"
Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (not,(60% share) and South Africa Manganese,
,,"strategy, risk management, and metrics"
included in Scope 2 greenhouse gas,ore (54.6% share). Prior to the divestment of,
,,and targets. The TCFD was disbanded in
emissions) that occur in the value chain of,Illawarra Metallurgical Coal on 29 August,
,,October 2023 and the International
"an entity, including both upstream and","2024, South32's ownership was 100%. Prior",
,,Sustainability Standards Board will monitor
downstream emissions. Scope 3,to the divestment of South Africa,
,,progress on the state of climate-related
greenhouse gas emissions include the,"Manganese alloy on 3 June 2025, South32's",
,,financial disclosures by companies.
Scope 3 categories in the Greenhouse Gas,ownership was 60%. Unless otherwise,
Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3),stated: all metrics reflect South32’s share.,
Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).,,
Senior Leadership Team,,
Presidents and Vice Presidents reporting to,,
members of the South32 Lead Team and,,
the Company Secretary.,,