=== Page 5 ===
SUSTAINABILITY AT THE 
HEART OF OUR PURPOSE
Our approach to sustainability underpins the delivery of our strategy and aims to balance 
environmental, social and economic considerations8. It comprises five interconnected 
pillars which focus on areas that are material to our stakeholders and our business . 
This year, our previously separate Sustainable Development Report has been integrated into this Annual Report. Read more on pages 26 to 57.Strategic report   Governance   Financial report   Resources and reserves   Information 3
8.  We recognise that in many cases these considerations will be interdependent or may compete or conflict with each other. In delivering our strategy we aim to understand and 
balance the environmental, social and economic impacts of our business in a way that seeks to create value overall. References to sustainability (including sustainable development 
and sustainability) in the suite or other disclosures do not mean that there will be no adverse impact, or an absolute outcome, in any one area.About us
Protecting and respecting our people
Nothing is more important than the health, safety and wellbeing of our 
people. We are committed to improving our safety performance, and 
fostering a values-based culture and an inclusive and diverse workforce.
Delivering value to society
We believe trust and transparency are essential to the way we operate. We 
listen to our stakeholders to understand what’s important to them and work 
together with the aim of creating enduring value.
Operating ethically and responsibly
Operating ethically and responsibly is essential to building strong, mutually 
beneficial and trusting relationships with our stakeholders. We respect 
human rights and seek to apply responsible business practices across our 
value chain.
Managing our environmental impact
We are focused on managing our impact on nature, including water, 
biodiversity, air and surrounding ecosystems. We work hard to safely 
manage tailings, reduce waste, and rehabilitate land disturbed by our 
activities.
Addressing climate change
Addressing risks and opportunities that climate change presents is central 
to our strategy. Our climate actions are focused on positioning our portfolio 
for the energy transition, reducing our operational GHG emissions, 
supporting emissions reduction across our value chain, and strengthening 
our physical climate resilience.

=== Page 7 ===
Our total operational emissions
(Scope 1 and 2) in FY25 are lower by
11.5%
compared to FY169
We've returned almost
US$6.2B
to shareholders via dividends and
our on-market share buy-back
We’ve paid approximately
US$7.3B
in corporate income taxes and royalties 
to governments where we operate
Nearly
16,000
people have participated in LEAD Safely
Every Day training since its launch in FY23
800+
exploration opportunities have been 
evaluated as we build an extensive 
exploration portfolio targeting base 
metals across the globeStrategic report   Governance   Financial report   Resources and reserves   Information 5
9. Total operational emissions refers to GHG emissions and includes divested operations' Scope 1 and 2 emissions up to the date of divestment. Refer to our Climate Change Action 
Plan 2025 for further details.

=== Page 9 ===
The decision to appoint Matthew as Graham’s deputy for a period 
of time allows him to get to know our people and our many 
operations before he takes the helm; an opportunity he relishes. 
Over this transition period South32 will continue to benefit from 
Graham’s outstanding leadership. While we will fully recognise 
Graham’s achievements when we bid him farewell next year, his 
legacy will include establishing our values-based culture and 
instilling a belief that, when done safely and well, mining can create 
value for all stakeholders. He has also led the transformation of our 
portfolio, improving our returns potential by increasing our 
exposure to higher-margin businesses in critical minerals. 
The reshaping of our portfolio continued in FY25 with the 
completed divestments of Illawarra Metallurgical Coal, the 
Metalloys manganese alloy smelter, and our 50% stake in the Eagle 
Downs metallurgical coal project. In July 2025 we entered into a 
binding agreement to sell Cerro Matoso, which will further simplify 
our business once complete and provide additional balance sheet 
flexibility to support investment in our high-quality base metal 
growth options. 
Turning to the global macroeconomic environment, over the past 
year we have witnessed uncertainty as geopolitical tensions 
increased, trade tariffs have been imposed leading to significant 
market volatility, and conflict increased in the Middle East and 
continues in Ukraine. 
Despite these headwinds, our strong operating results coupled 
with recent portfolio improvements enabled us to deliver 
Underlying earnings attributable to members of US$ 666 million. We 
also maintained a strong balance sheet with net cash position of 
US$123 million. 
We returned US$ 350 million to shareholders during FY25, including 
US$294 million i n fully-franked ordinary dividends, and US$ 56 
million via our on-market share buy-back. At the end of FY25, our 
US$2.5 billion capital management program was 94% complete, 
and reflecting our disciplined approach to capital management, the 
Board has resolved to extend our capital management plan by 12 
months to 11 September 2026, with US$144 million remaining to be 
returned to shareholders. 
As we look to our next 10 years and beyond, we are increasing our 
exposure to commodities critical to the energy transition with a 
focus on copper and zinc. 
Construction is progressing at Hermosa’s Taylor zinc-lead-silver 
deposit, which is expected to deliver attractive returns for decades. 
In May, we reached a key milestone in the FAST-41 Federal 
permitting process when the US Forest Service released a Draft 
Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for Hermosa, with the final 
EIS remaining on track for H2 FY26.   
The high-margin Sierra Gorda copper mine in Chile has multiple 
organic growth options, and we have further development options 
in Hermosa’s Clark battery-grade manganese deposit and high-
grade copper and zinc resources at the Ambler Metals joint venture 
in Alaska. We continue to explore the highly prospective land 
package at Hermosa with a focus on the Peake and Flux prospects, 
and we are investing in greenfield exploration with partnerships 
and projects targeting base metals in highly prospective regions.Responsibly developing our next generation of mines, like 
Hermosa, is central to the delivery of our strategy. We remain 
focused on the sustainability topics that are material to our 
stakeholders, our business and our long-term future. This includes 
climate change, which presents risks and opportunities for our 
business. 
In our second Climate Change Action Plan (CCAP) we reiterate our 
commitment to taking climate action and describe the steps we 
are taking to deliver on this through the execution of our strategy. 
We are focused on positioning our portfolio for the energy 
transition, reducing our operational emissions, supporting 
emissions reduction across our value chains, and strengthening our 
physical climate resilience. Our CCAP 2025 will be the subject of a 
non-binding advisory resolution at our 2025 Annual General 
Meeting.
We also recognise the importance of protecting and conserving 
biodiversity, and have aligned our approach to biodiversity with the 
International Council on Mining and Metals’ Nature Position 
Statement. A key element of our approach is our aim to achieve no 
net loss or a net gain of biodiversity by the completion of closure. 
Previously limited to new developments, this now applies to all 
existing and future operations. 
As we celebrate the 10th anniversary of South32, we have a sense 
of pride for what the company has become and excitement for the 
opportunities which lie ahead. Our industry faces a challenge like 
never before – to supply minerals and metals critical for the world’s 
energy transition. At South32, we are embracing that challenge and 
the opportunities it brings for our people, our business and 
communities around the world.
On behalf of the Board, I thank our people for their hard work and 
commitment to deliver our strategy and fulfil our purpose. I also 
thank the communities where we operate, our shareholders and all 
our other stakeholders for their ongoing support.
Karen Wood AM 
Chair
 
 Strategic report   Governance   Financial report   Resources and reserves   Information 7

=== Page 11 ===
3%
44%
20%13%18%2%
Net cash added to balance sheet
Capital expenditure (including EAI)
Ordinary dividends
Capital management program
Acquisitions
Exploration expensed15Strategic report   Governance   Financial report   Resources and reserves   Information 9
15.  We report two operational emissions data sets: total operations, which includes divested operations, and continuing operations, which reflects emissions from our current operations.We have taken action to reduce our operational 
emissions and, through our portfolio transformation, 
have removed our exposure to hard-to-abate Scope 3 
emissions from coal production and downstream use. Higher margins, improved returns Positioned for the energy transition
Emissions profile  (F16 vs FY25, total operations)15
22%23%26%
FY16 FY24 FY25Group operating margin
Capital allocation since FY16Our portfolio transformation over the past decade has 
helped us achieve improved financial results and 
shareholder returns in FY25, underpinned by strong 
operating performance.
The reshaping of our portfolio has helped us realise an 
increased Underlying EBITDA of US$ 1.9 billion  in FY25 and 
enabled us to return US$ 350 million  to shareholders during 
the financial year.FY16 FY25
Scope 1 and 2 (Mt CO 2-e)
23.4 20.7
Scope 3 (Mt CO 2-e)
137.6 22.7
We have advanced decarbonisation efforts, focusing on 
our highest-emitting operations in our aluminium value 
chain, being our Hillside Aluminium smelter and Worsley 
Alumina refinery.
We have invested in our Hermosa Project, currently the only 
advanced project in the United States capable of supplying two 
federally designated critical minerals, zinc and manganese.
We have also added copper to our portfolio with the acquisition 
of a 45% stake in Sierra Gorda. As the world moves towards 
electrification, copper will be increasingly in demand for power-
related infrastructure, including renewable energy. 
4%
US$18.7 B 
allocated

=== Page 15 ===
At our Hermosa development, we are building the long-life Taylor 
zinc-lead-silver project and in Q4 we commenced sinking the main 
shaft and construction of the process plant. Hermosa has 
government support to help meet the United States’ critical 
minerals supply and, beyond Taylor, the Clark battery-grade 
manganese deposit is uniquely positioned due to its potential to 
supply the North American electric vehicle market. Exploration of 
the Peake prospect continues to return high-grade copper results 
and we are testing the potential for a continuous mineralised 
system extending back to Taylor.   
At Sierra Gorda, our cornerstone copper asset, there is potential to 
grow copper production through our brownfield expansion projects 
and, longer term, through the Catabela Northeast exploration 
project, where all 18 exploration holes have intersected significant 
copper mineralisation.
Exploration has been an important part of our strategy since day 
one. This year we invested US$35 million in our greenfield 
exploration opportunities in Australia, the US, Canada, Argentina 
and Namibia, as we work to discover our next generation of base 
metals mines.
Climate change is fundamentally reshaping our industry, driving the 
transition away from fossil fuels and increasing demand for 
minerals and metals we produce, while intensifying climate 
variability and extreme weather. We have published our second 
Climate Change Action Plan (CCAP) which sets out our approach to 
addressing the risks and opportunities that climate change 
presents. 
Our CCAP includes actions to reduce our operational emissions to 
mitigate transition risk and protect value, and to support emissions 
reduction across our value chains. Our target to halve our net 
operational emissions by FY35 from FY21 levels, and long-term 
goal of achieving net zero emissions across all scopes by 2050, 
remain unchanged.
While our FY25 operational emissions were 1.5 Mt CO 2-e lower than 
FY21, Mozal Aluminium’s increased reliance on coal-fired electricity 
due to drought conditions led to a 2% year-on-year increase in total 
operational emissions in FY25. The year-on-year increase in Scope 
2 emissions linked to Mozal Aluminium more than offset the 12% 
reduction in Worsley Alumina’s Scope 1 emissions during FY25, 
relative to FY21 levels, following the conversion of two boilers from 
coal to gas during the prior year.Our portfolio transformation has substantially lowered our Scope 3 
emissions since FY19, as it has reduced our exposure to emissions 
from the combustion of energy coal and the use of metallurgical 
coal. 
Strengthening climate resilience is essential to addressing the 
physical impacts of climate change on our operations, people, 
communities, and value chain. We have developed our first Climate 
Adaptation and Resilience Plan to help us reduce exposure to 
present-day climate hazards, and strengthen our ability to 
anticipate, absorb, respond and recover from physical climate 
change impacts. The Climate Adaptation and Resilience Plan also 
supports our focus on nature restoration, rehabilitation and 
conservation. 
As we enter the second decade of South32, much has changed in 
terms of what we produce but I believe one key theme remains – 
when done well, our business can help to improve people’s lives 
now and for generations to come. 
I would like to offer my sincere appreciation and thanks to our 
teams around the globe for their efforts over the past year, and 
indeed the past 10 years, as we have solidified our position as a 
diversified producer of the minerals and metals critical to the 
world’s energy transition.
Graham Kerr 
Chief Executive OfficerStrategic report   Governance   Financial report   Resources and reserves   Information 13