=== Page 28 ===
Our Environmental, Social and Governance philosophy
Recognising  climate  change  as a global  risk and material  issue  for our industry,  we are dedicated  to a long-term  sustainable 
future for Steadfast, including our Network brokers and underwriting agencies.
We embed  ESG  elements  into our business  activities  and stakeholder  relationships.  Whilst  Steadfast  does  not consistently 
control or influence each associate and Network broker, we provide guidance and support across the Group on a range of 
potential ESG impacts.
The following outlines our ESG commitments:
Our commitment to the environment
Improving our environmental performance by minimising the impact of our operations through emissions reduction.
Expanding support to our Network brokers and underwriting agencies to help them reduce their carbon footprint.
Our commitment to people
Creating a safe, caring, inclusive and ethical culture for our people that enables them to thrive.
Making  a positive  impact  in our communities  by helping  businesses  and communities  to effectively  identify,  mitigate  and 
manage risk.
Supporting  our Network  brokers  in meeting  and exceeding  the expectations  of their  clients  and the broader  communities 
they serve.
Our commitment to strong and effective governance
Implementing robust corporate governance that is underpinned by our ethical and responsible culture.
Acting as a good corporate citizen by focusing on doing the right thing and behaving responsibly.
26Steadfast Group  Annual Report 2025

=== Page 30 ===
Environmental stewardship
Steadfast recognises that climate change continues to be 
a global risk and a material issue for the insurance industry, 
including insurers and customers, as well as the broader 
economy. As part of our commitment to environmental 
stewardship, we have set long-term and achievable goals 
aimed at enhancing our environmental performance and 
reducing our carbon footprint.
Our commitments to the environment include:
improving  our environmental  performance  by minimising 
the impact of our operations through emissions 
reduction; and
expanding support to our Network brokers and 
underwriting agencies to help them reduce their 
carbon footprint.
Steadfast is actively preparing to meet the climate-
related financial disclosure requirements introduced by 
the Australian Government in 2024. We are on track to 
publish our first Sustainability Report in 2026 and are 
working closely with our employees, Network brokers and 
underwriting  agencies  to further  develop  our environmental 
governance framework and risk management process. 
This year, we focused on ensuring that climate risks and 
opportunities and our long-term sustainability goals were 
considered as part of our overall strategy development.
OUR COMMITMENT:
To improve our environmental performance 
through operating emissions reduction
In the first phase  of our CNTP,  Steadfast  aims  for a reduction 
in the intensity of our scope 1 and 2 operating emissions, 
with a target for our Australian-controlled businesses to be 
carbon neutral by 2030.  We strive to achieve this by:
monitoring and managing our environmental 
performance with clear objectives for 
continuous improvement;
purchasing renewable electricity wherever feasible;
transitioning fleet cars to electric vehicles where 
feasible; and
continuing to improve our data collection processes to 
increase the amount of primary data collected to enable 
us to identify further emission reduction opportunities.
Additionally, we recognise the need to purchase quality 
carbon offsets to meet our targets.Our FY25 carbon footprint
The estimated results have been calculated in alignment 
with the GHG Protocol and are set out below:
FY25 FY24
Scope 1 tCO2e 538 704
Scope 2 tCO2e 1,534 1,358
Total operating emissions 2,072 2,062
In-scope entity revenue $m 1,262 1,124
Emissions intensity per $m 1.642 1.834
Steadfast continued to make broker and underwriting 
agency acquisitions during the year, resulting in our total 
operating  carbon  emissions  footprint  from  in-scope  entities 
increasing slightly. Pleasingly, on a tCO2e/$m revenue 
intensity measure, we saw a decline from 1.834 tCO2e/$m 
revenue in FY24 to 1.642 tCO2e/$m revenue in FY25.
Steadfast  continues  to review  our CNTP.   We are improving 
our data collection processes to include scope 3 emissions 
and work to understand the options to further reduce our 
environmental impact. For further information, our CNTP is 
available on our investor website.
Green travel policy
Steadfast recognises that travel, especially air travel, has a 
direct impact on the environment.  We try to reduce the 
need for unnecessary business travel, encourage the use of 
more sustainable forms of transport across our operations 
and the use of virtual meetings where appropriate.
Carbon offsetting for corporate travel
We have reduced our impact on the environment by 
offsetting the carbon emissions for much of our corporate 
travel. This financial year Steadfast purchased 1,956 carbon 
offset units to retire 1,935 tCO2e from the corporate travel 
undertaken across the Group.
We direct our carbon offsetting to a portfolio of 
projects through Tasman Environmental Markets (TEM). 
This financial year, TEM, on behalf of Steadfast directed 
funds for carbon offsets toward world-class environmental 
projects, including:
Bringing Bush Back: Located in New South Wales and 
Queensland, these carbon farming projects work with 
landholders to regenerate and protect native vegetation.
Winds of Change: The project supports national energy 
security  and strengthens  rural  electrification  coverage  for 
locals in India.
28 Steadfast Group  Annual Report 2025

=== Page 54 ===
Directors’ Report  continued
Risk Description Managing the risk
Reputational 
riskThe risk of loss that directly  or indirectly 
impacts earnings or value that is 
caused by adverse perceptions of the 
Group held by customers, insurers, 
shareholders, employees, regulators 
and the broader community.We manage reputation risk by maintaining a positive and dynamic culture 
that emphasises the need to always act with integrity and which enables 
us to build strong and trusted relationships with customers, insurers, 
shareholders, employees, regulators and the broader community.
We actively monitor emerging risks in our external environment.
We have established decision-making frameworks and policies to ensure 
our business decisions are guided by sound financial, social and 
environmental standards.
We also have a risk-based internal audit program to review each of the 
businesses in which we have invested to assist in identifying potential 
reputational exposures to the Group from individual business operations.
Annual 360 degree reviews of Group executives are performed to monitor 
their adherence to Steadfast core values and 20% of the performance 
rating for all staff is based on Steadfast core values.
Climate risk
Being a services-based business with operations in local communities, Steadfast has a relatively small environmental footprint. 
Nonetheless,  we recognise  that climate  change  continues  to be a global  risk and a material  issue  for the insurance  industry,  including 
insurers, customers, and the whole economy.
As part of our Environmental, Social and Governance focus, we have committed to pursuing a reduction in the intensity of our 
operating  emissions  (Scope  1 & 2), with  a target  for our Australian  controlled  businesses  to be carbon  neutral  by 2030.  Details  about 
how  we plan to achieve  this target  are included  in our Carbon  Neutral  Transition  Plan,  published  in December  2022.  We are delivering 
on our plan through the progressive adoption of green energy by our in-scope entities, further development of our ESG reporting 
capacity, ESG engagement with our employees, Network brokers and underwriting agencies, and by establishing our ESG policy.
We understand that this plan needs to evolve and we will include Scope 3 targets as our capabilities in this area mature. We also 
recognise the need to purchase carbon offsets to meet our targets under the CNTP.
Dividends
Details of dividends paid or declared by the Company are set out in Note 6 to the financial statements.
During  FY25,  a final dividend  for FY24  of 10.35  cents  per share  and an interim  dividend  for FY25  of 7.80  cents  per share  were  declared 
and paid, both fully franked.
Events after the reporting period
I. Final dividend
On 28 August  2025,  the Board  declared  a final dividend  for FY25  of 11.70  cents  per share,  fully franked.  The dividend  will be paid  on 
26 September  2025. The Company’s DRP will operate by the issue of new shares. A 2.5% discount will be applied. The last election 
notice for participation in the DRP in relation to this final dividend is 5 September  2025.
II. IQumulate Premium Funding Warehouse Trust extension
At 30 June  2025, the Warehouse Trust limit for IQumulate Premium Funding Pty Ltd was $720.0 million (including a $60.0 million 
overdraft  facility).  In July 2025,  the Warehouse  Trust  limit  was increased  by $60.0  million  to $780.0  million  (including  a $60.0  million 
overdraft facility) with an extended availability period to July 2026.
III. Acquisition of Novum Underwriting Partners LLC
On 27 August  2025, Steadfast completed the strategic acquisition of a majority stake in Novum Underwriting Partners LLC 
(Novum), a specialty underwriting agency and wholesale brokerage located in the USA.
52Steadfast Group  Annual Report 2025

=== Page 159 ===
Glossary of terms
Term Explanation
AGM Annual General Meeting
Carbon neutralCarbon neutral means bringing net carbon emissions to zero through a combination of 
reducing emissions and carbon offsetting
CGU Cash-generating unit
Client Customer of broker/underwriting agency
CPS Cents per share
DEA Deferred equity award
DPS Dividend per share
DRP Dividend Reinvestment Plan
EBITAEarnings  before  interest  (including  premium  funding  interest  income  and expense),  tax and 
amortisation. To ensure comparability, underlying EBITA also deducts the interest expense 
on lease liabilities and depreciation of right-of-use assets
ECL Expected credit loss
EPS Earnings per share
EPS (NPAT) Earnings per share that reference NPAT
EPS (NPATA) Earnings per share that reference NPATA
Equity brokersAn insurance broker that is a member of the Steadfast Network, where Steadfast holds an 
equity interest
FY Financial Year
GroupSteadfast Group Limited (ABN 98 073 659 677, AFSL 254928) and its controlled entities, 
associates and joint ventures
GWPGross written premium – the amount paid by customers for insurance policies excluding 
taxes and levies
Hubbing The merger of two or more insurance intermediary businesses
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards
KMP Key management personnel
KPIs Key performance indicators
LTI Long-term incentive
NCI Non-controlling interests
NetworkThe collective reference to the distribution network that comprises all Steadfast 
Network brokers
Network broker An insurance broker who is a member of the Steadfast Network
Non-trading itemsIncludes revenue and/or expense items that are typically one-off in nature and are not 
reflective of the Group’s normal operating activities
NPAT Net profit after tax
NPATANet profit after tax (post non-controlling interests) adjusted for amortisation of 
customer relationships
PSF Professional services fee
Rebate An annual payment made to Steadfast Network brokers, at the discretion of the Board
Return on capital (ROC)Underlying net profit after tax (adjusted to remove the impact of the Sure, IBA and 
Coverforce acquisitions in FY24, FY23 and FY22 respectively) as a percentage of opening 
shareholders' equity attributable to the owners of Steadfast Group Limited
SCTPSteadfast Client Trading Platform – a web-based platform that is a digitally contestable 
market place providing Steadfast Network brokers access to obtain multiple, detailed 
quotes from a variety of insurers, with only one data input as well as place and maintain 
policy contracts
Steadfast Group  Annual Report 2025 157