=== Table 1 (page 30) ===
,Our FY25 carbon footprint
Environmental stewardship,
,The estimated results have been calculated in alignment
Steadfast recognises that climate change continues to be,
,with the GHG Protocol and are set out below:
"a global risk and a material issue for the insurance industry,",
"including insurers and customers, as well as the broader",
,"FY25
FY24"
economy. As part of our commitment to environmental,
,"Scope 1 tCO2e
538
704"
"stewardship, we have set long-term and achievable goals",
aimed at enhancing our environmental performance and,"Scope 2 tCO2e
1,534
1,358"
reducing our carbon footprint.,"Total operating emissions
2,072
2,062"
,"In-scope entity revenue $m
1,262
1,124"
Our commitments to the environment include:,
,"Emissions intensity per $m
1.642
1.834"
improving our environmental performance by minimising,
the impact of our operations through emissions,
,Steadfast continued to make broker and underwriting
reduction; and,
,"agency acquisitions during the year, resulting in our total"
expanding support to our Network brokers and,
,operating carbon emissions footprint from in-scope entities
underwriting agencies to help them reduce their,
,"increasing slightly. Pleasingly, on a tCO2e/$m revenue"
carbon footprint.,
,"intensity measure, we saw a decline from 1.834 tCO2e/$m"
Steadfast is actively preparing to meet the climate-,
,revenue in FY24 to 1.642 tCO2e/$m revenue in FY25.
related financial disclosure requirements introduced by,
,Steadfast continues to review our CNTP.  We are improving
the Australian Government in 2024. We are on track to,
,our data collection processes to include scope 3 emissions
publish our first Sustainability Report in 2026 and are,
,and work to understand the options to further reduce our
"working closely with our employees, Network brokers and",
,"environmental impact. For further information, our CNTP is"
underwriting agencies to further develop our environmental,
,available on our investor website.
governance framework and risk management process.,
"This year, we focused on ensuring that climate risks and",Green travel policy
opportunities and our long-term sustainability goals were,
,"Steadfast recognises that travel, especially air travel, has a"
considered as part of our overall strategy development.,
,direct impact on the environment.  We try to reduce the
,"need for unnecessary business travel, encourage the use of"
OUR COMMITMENT:,more sustainable forms of transport across our operations
To improve our environmental performance,
,and the use of virtual meetings where appropriate.
through operating emissions reduction,
,Carbon offsetting for corporate travel
"In the first phase of our CNTP, Steadfast aims for a reduction",
,We have reduced our impact on the environment by
"in the intensity of our scope 1 and 2 operating emissions,",
,offsetting the carbon emissions for much of our corporate
with a target for our Australian-controlled businesses to be,
,"travel. This financial year Steadfast purchased 1,956 carbon"
carbon neutral by 2030.  We strive to achieve this by:,
,"offset units to retire 1,935 tCO2e from the corporate travel"
monitoring and managing our environmental,
,undertaken across the Group.
performance with clear objectives for,
,We direct our carbon offsetting to a portfolio of
continuous improvement;,
,projects through Tasman Environmental Markets (TEM).
purchasing renewable electricity wherever feasible;,
,"This financial year, TEM, on behalf of Steadfast directed"
transitioning fleet cars to electric vehicles where,
,funds for carbon offsets toward world-class environmental
feasible; and,
,"projects, including:"
continuing to improve our data collection processes to,