=== Page 2 ===
SEEK office locations in  Australia and New Zealand
A
ustralia First Nations peoples: Traditional Custodians
Melbourne: Wurundjeri Woi-wurrung peoples of the Kulin nation
Sydney: Gadigal peoples of the Eora nation
Brisbane: Jagera peoples of the south side of the river and Turrbal peoples of the north side of the river 
of the Yuggera nation*
Adelaide:  Kaurna peoples of the Adelaide Plains
Perth: Whadjuk peoples of the Noongar nation*Contested lands are acknowledged in alphabetical order.
New Zealand First Nations peoples
Auckland: Maori tribes of Ngāti Whātua-o-Ōrākei, Ngāti Pāoa, Ngāi  Tai, Te Wai-o-Hua (who originate 
from Ngā Oho), Ngāti Te Ata and Te  K
awerau-a-MakiThis report
This report covers SEEK Limited as a consolidated entity consisting of SEEK Limited and its 
controlled entities (the Company or SEEK). 
This report covers the period 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025, which aligns with SEEK’s financial year.On 30 May 2025, SEEK completed the re-acquisition of Sidekicker, a contingent labour 
platform operating across Australia and New Zealand. Sidekicker will be included in SEEK’s FY2026 sustainability reporting.
All monetary values are in Australian dollars. The information in this report is validated by subject matter experts and senior management 
and is supported by verifiable evidence.
Forward-looking statements
This report contains forward-looking statements, including climate-related targets. While these forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s expectations and assumptions at  
the date of this report, they are provided as a general guide only and are not guarantees or predictions of future performance or statements of fact. The Company believes the forward-looking statements have a reasonable basis at the date of this report, but acknowledges that they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which may cause actual outcomes and developments  
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
Readers should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, and past 
performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. To the maximum  
 extent permitted by law, the Company makes no representation, assurance or guarantee  
in connection with, and disclaims all responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, any outcome expressed or implied  
in any forward-looking statement or any assumptions on which a forward-looking statement  
is based. Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, the Company does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result  
of new information or future events. 
The accuracy of SEEK’s greenhouse gas emissions data and other metrics may be impacted  
by various factors, including inconsistent data availability, a lack of common definitions and 
standards for reporting climate-related information, quality of historical emissions data, reliance on assumptions and changes in market practice. These factors may impact the Company’s ability to meet commitments and targets or cause the Company’s results to  
differ materially from those expressed or implied in this report.Contents
S ocial impact  6
How SEEK’s purpose delivers impact  6
C
ommunity contribution  
and engagement  8
 Human rights 1 0
Fair hiring  1 0
Modern slavery  1
1
 Data and cybersecurity  1 2
Data trust and AI  1 2
Data privacy
 1
4
Cybersecurity
15 People  1 6
Employee engagement  1 6
Diversity and inclusion  1
9
Workplace health, safety and wellbeing  2
2
 Environment  2 3 
Climate resilience and minimising 
environmental impacts  2
3
 Responsible business  25
Culture of ethical conduct  2 5
Responsible business practices  
and resilient business  2
6
Acknowledgement of Country 
SEEK acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the lands on which it operates.  
We extend this acknowledgement to all First Nations peoples across the Asia Pacific  
region in which SEEK is proud to operate.
We pay respects to their rich cultures, to Elders past and present, and the continuing  
custodianship of the land, waterways and community on which we all rely. We recognise the ongoing contribution of First Nations peoples to the diverse  
communities in which we belong.
The gum leaf represents a symbol of welcome and it acknowledges the diverse countries  (1),  
environments and communities.
Artist:
 
Bitja, (Dixon Patten) Gunnai, Yorta Yorta, Dhudhuroa, Gunditjmara, Bayila Creative
(1)
  In this con
text, ‘countries’ refers to the tribal areas, not explicitly Australia and other countries.
SEEK Sustainability Report 2025 1PROOF 5 – 18 August 2025

=== Page 4 ===
•E nvironment  – We reduced our environmental footprint through emissions reduction
programs and operational efficiencies. These programs reduced emissions by approximately
6,600 tonnes in FY2025, helping us meet our target of reducing our scope 1, 2 and 3emissions since by 40% by FY2025 on the FY2022 baseline. While SEEK continues to makesignificant progress in reducing its scope 1 and 2 emissions, the majority of SEEK’s remainingemissions are its scope 3 emissions, which SEEK cannot directly control. As planned, weundertook a science-aligned review of our emissions reduction targets in FY2025. The reviewfound that SEEK will be unable to achieve its target of net zero by 2030 due to changes inkey assumptions that underpinned the initial target and the availability of new information.As a result of the review, we revised our short-term emissions reduction target from net zeroby 2030 to a 50% reduction by FY2030, and set a new long-term target of net zero byFY2050 (see pages 23–24 for more detail).
•
G
overnance and reporting  – We strengthened key governance frameworks with particular
focus on data privacy, cybersecurity and climate reporting. We continued to enhanceour reporting and prepare for emerging sustainability requirements including mandatoryclimate reporting.
We are pleased with our progress in these priority areas. However, the essence of sustainability is that the work is never finished. We remain committed to continuing to learn and improve  
in the future.
We welcome comments on this report, which you can provide by emailing 
sustainability@seek.com.au
Ian Narev  
Managing Director and Chief Executive OfficerMessage from the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (continued)
Social impact Human rightsData &  
cybersecurity
Achieved 
placement leadership in  
APAC helping deliver on  
SEEK’s purposeAutomatically scanned 
100%  
of direct and indirect job ads  
for fair hiring risks, and excluded  
1% of hirers (651) 
during onboarding because of high-risk indicatorsCompleted  
multi-year Privacy and Cybersecurity remediation programs and responsible  
AI reviews 
People EnvironmentResponsible 
business
Maintained 
50%  gender 
diversity across 
the workforceAchieved SEEK’s FY2025 target to reduce scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 
40% 
on a FY2022 baseline, completed a science-aligned review and revised SEEK’s net zero emissions reduction targetStrengthened governance foundations through improvements in internal controls  
and compliance programsSustainability highlights
SEEK Sustainability Report 2025 3
Overview Social impact Human rightsData and 
cybersecurity People EnvironmentResponsible  businessSustainability performance
PROOF 5 – 18 August 2025PROOF 5 – 18 August 2025

=== Page 24 ===
Climate resilience  
and minimising  
environmental impacts
SEEK is preparing for impacts of climate 
change and the transition to a low-carbon 
future, whilst working to minimise SEEK’s 
environmental impacts. 
SEEK’s FY2025 Climate Statement provides detailed information 
on SEEK’s approach to climate-related governance, strategy, 
risks, opportunities, metrics and targets. A high-level  
overview of SEEK’s approach to managing climate change  
is set out below. Governance and risk management
The Board has overall accountability for SEEK’s strategic 
direction, risks and opportunities, including in relation to  
climate change. The Board delegates responsibility for specific 
climate-related risk to the ARMC and management, including  
a Climate Steering Committee.
SEEK proactively assesses its key climate-related risks and 
opportunities in line with its Risk Management Framework. 
SEEK’s prioritised risks and opportunities are assessed annually 
and are supported by climate scenario analysis. SEEK evaluates 
its resilience to both the physical hazards of climate change  
as well as key market transition risks and opportunities. This 
includes the ongoing integration of climate scenario findings 
into its strategy and approach.
Strategy
SEEK’s Climate Change Strategy has two main objectives: 
climate resilience and minimising emissions. 
Climate resilience
(adapting to a 
changing  climate)
• Climate risks and 
opportun ities
•  Business  
adaptation action
• Supporting an orderly  
and just transitionMinimising emissions
(mitigating SEEK’s impacts 
on changing climate)
• Operati onal emissions
•  Smarter climate choices 
for our people
• Supplier engagement 
and responsible 
procurement
Greenhouse gas emissions
SEEK continues to monitor its emissions profile across its 
business operations and regions. In FY2025, SEEK re-baselined 
its emissions footprint to reflect updates to the sustainability 
reporting boundary from the divestment of the Brasil Online 
and OCC businesses and inclusion of JobAdder. 
In FY2025, SEEK’s total re-baselined emissions were 9,530  
tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, a 35% reduction on 
FY2024 continuing operations emissions. The majority of 
SEEK’s profile is scope 3 emissions and the main emissions 
sources are purchased goods and services (including IT data 
services), business travel and employees working from home 
and commuting.(Tonnes CO2e equivalent) FY2025
New baseline FY2024
Continuing Operations (APAC) 9,530 14,624
Discontinued Operations (1) –  1,946
Total emissions (market-based) (2)9,530 16,570
Total emissions (location-based) (2)10,998 –
Emission intensity (3):
  Total emissions per employee  
(tCO2e per FTE)
 Total emissions per revenue ($m)2.7
 
8.7 4.4
 
14.3
(1) Discontinued operations represent the Brasil Online and OCC businesses that 
SEEK sold in FY2024.  
(2) In FY2025 SEEK commenced disclosing its emissions using both a location 
and market-based approach for scope 2 emissions. SEEK will continue to 
use a market-based approach to ensure Renewable Energy Certificates 
are applied against energy consumed. Prior to FY2025, SEEK reported 
scope 2 emissions using a combination of market-based for Australia and 
location-based for remaining locations. Refer to SEEK’s FY2025 Climate 
Methodology  and FY2025 Sustainability Databook  – ‘Environment’ section 
for more information.
(3) Total emissions (market-based) is used for intensity calculations. Sales Revenue 
(refer to FY2025 Financial Report, Consolidated Income Statement) is used for 
revenue calculations. 
FY2025 regional breakdown emissions
● ANZ 60%
● Asia 37%
● JobAdder 3%
 
SEEK’s emissions reduction targets
SEEK is committed to reducing its environmental impact  
and achieving net zero emissions in the long term. 
In FY2025, SEEK achieved its interim target to reduce its 
emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 40% by FY2025 on  
a FY2022 baseline. SEEK implemented several emissions 
reduction programs to reduce priority emissions categories 
with a focus on renewable energy to support the achievement 
of this target. Through these programs SEEK reduced emissions 
in FY2025 by approximately 6,600 tonnes (representing 
approximately 68%) on the FY2022 baseline (9,714 tonnes  
for SEEK’s continuing operations). 
 For further information on SEEK’s emissions reduction 
progress, refer to SEEK’s FY2025 Climate Statement   Environment
In this section 
• Climate resilience and minimising 
environmental impacts
SEEK Sustainability Report 2025 23
Overview Social impact Human rightsData and 
cybersecurity People EnvironmentResponsible  
business Sustainability  
performancePROOF 5 – 18 August 2025PROOF 5 – 18 August 2025