=== Page 2 ===
We mine copper sustainably  
to energise the future.
Scan the code here:  To view more on Sandfiresandfire.com.auSandfire produces a range of publications, 
which can be viewed at www.sandfire.com.au
Annual Report2025Annual  
Report
We mine copper sustainably to energise the future.
Modern Slavery  
Statement2025Modern Slavery  
Statement
We mine copper sustainably to energise the future.2025Corporate 
Governance 
Statement
We mine copper sustainably to energise the future.
Corporate 
Governance 
StatementSustainability  
Databook2025Data Book
We mine copper sustainably to energise the future.Financial and Operational review   2
- Message from the Chair   4
- Message from the Chief Executive  
Officer and Managing Director 6
Our approach  8
- About Sandfire 8 
- Purpose, strategy and values 9
Our business  10
- Year in review 10
- Where we operate 12
- The value of copper 14
- Our value chain 16
- Progress against our strategy 17
Governance  20
- Our approach to governance   20
- Our Governance Framework  21
- Board of Directors 22
- Board committee structure and membership 25
- Executive Leadership Team  26
Risk management  28
Financial and Operational performance summary  36
- Financial review 37
- Operational review 44
Sustainability   52
- Our approach  53
- Health, safety and wellbeing  59
- People and culture  63
- Business integrity 66
- Partnering with communities  68
- Human rights 70
- Indigenous Peoples  73- Water stewardship  75
- Biodiversity 79
- Mine closure  85
- Tailings 86
Climate change  88
- Climate change 89
- Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Decarbonisation 97
- Independent Assurance Report  102
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves  106
Directors’ Report  112
- Auditor’s Independence Declaration  117
- Remuneration Report  118
Financial Report  148
- Consolidated Income Statement  150
- Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  151
- Consolidated Balance Sheet 152
- Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  153
- Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   154
- Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 155
- Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement  192
- Directors’ Declaration  193
- Independent Auditor’s Report  194
Information  200
- Shareholder and investor information   202
- FY23 Sustainability Pillars, goals and milestones  204
- Glossary of terms  207
- Cautionary notes and disclaimers 211
- Corporate information  212
About this report 
This Annual Report is a summary of the 
operations, activities and performance of 
Sandfire Resources Limited (ABN 55 105 154 
185) and its controlled entities and joint venture 
arrangements for the year ended 30 June 2025 
and its financial position as at 30 June 2025. 
In this report, unless otherwise stated, 
references to ‘Sandfire’, the ‘Company’, the 
‘Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘assets’, 
‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to Sandfire 
Resources Limited and its controlled entities 
and joint venture arrangements as a whole. 
Unless otherwise stated, FY23, FY24 and 
FY25 Copper Equivalent (CuEq) are calculated 
based on the average forward prices for FY25 
as at 27 June 2024 in USD for continuing 
operations; Assumptions: Cu $9,623/t, Zn 
$2,948/t, Pb $2,200/t, Ag $30/oz. FY26 
guidance for CuEq is calculated based on the 
average forward prices for FY26 as at 30 June 
2025 in USD; Assumptions: Cu $9,871/t, Zn 
$2,795/t, Pb $2,067/t, Ag $36.9/oz.
Copper equivalent is calculated using the 
following formula: Copper metal tonnes + 
Zn metal tonnes x (Zn price/Cu price) + Pb 
metal tonnes x (Pb price/Cu price) + Ag metal 
ounces x (Ag price/Cu price). 
Unless otherwise stated:
Financial information in this report is presented 
on the basis described in the Notes to the 
Financial Statements - Basis of preparation on 
page 156 (other than non-IFRS measures) and 
monetary amounts in this report are expressed 
in US dollars.
Metrics describing safety and sustainability 
performance in this report apply to ‘operated 
assets’ that have been wholly owned and 
operated by Sandfire from  
1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025. 
Refer to page 211 of this report for cautionary 
notes and disclaimers.Non-IFRS
This report includes financial measures that 
have not been prepared in accordance with 
the IFRS (“non-IFRS measures”), including 
underlying measures of earnings, effective 
tax rate, cash flow and net debt. Non-IFRS 
measures do not have a standardised meaning 
under the IFRS and are not consistently defined 
or applied by all companies and should not 
be considered as a substitute for or alternative 
to an IFRS measure of profitability, financial 
performance or liquidity. For an explanation of 
how Sandfire uses non-IFRS measures, see 
page 37. The definitions of individual  
non-IFRS measures used in this report are set 
out in the glossary on page 207. 
Feedback
We welcome feedback on this report or any 
other aspect of our business. Please visit the 
Contact Us page of our website to provide any 
feedback.
Image:   Kushatha Pabalinga July,  
Environmental Officer, Motheo Copper OperationsAcknowledgement of Country
Sandfire acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we 
are headquartered, the Whadjuk people of the Noongar Nation, as well as the 
First Nations peoples of the lands on which Sandfire conducts its business. 
We pay our respects to their Elders, past, present and emerging.
Annual Report 2025  Sandfire Resources Annual Report 2025   Sandfire Resources 1

=== Page 4 ===
Our strategy 
In May 2025, our Board of Directors 
visited our Operations in Spain. The visit 
commenced with a Strategy Day with the 
Executive Team in Seville. While we will 
continue to deliver safe, consistent and 
predictable performance, we recognise 
the strategic need to further increase the 
reserves and mine life of our operations. 
With this increased focus the Board 
believes the Company’s strategy remains fit 
for purpose and positions the business to 
sustainably grow total shareholder returns. 
While in Spain the Board spent time at our 
MATSA Operations, which included a tour 
of the processing facility, which sources 
ore from three underground mines – Aguas 
Teñidas, Magdalena and Sotiel. The 
Directors were also able to spend time with 
some of our Spanish employees to gain 
further insights into our performance, risks, 
opportunities and the status of projects at 
the site.
Operational performance 
The Company delivered strong operating 
performance in FY25, with a 12% increase 
in Group Copper Equivalent Production to 
152.4kt. The Board is particularly pleased 
with these strong operating results, 
considering the impact of severe weather 
events in both Spain and Botswana in the 
second half.
Following Motheo’s impressive 
commissioning and ramp up in FY24, the 
operation continued to perform well as the 
Company welcomed the commencement 
of mining at the A4 open pit in early 
December. Notwithstanding the impact of 
heavy rain, the development of the A4 open 
pit progressed as planned and thanks to 
the dedication and efforts of our people, 
A4 is scheduled to ramp up strongly across 
FY26.  MATSA again demonstrated its ability to 
deliver safe, consistent and predictable 
performance, achieving high rates of 
ore production throughout the year. The 
MATSA team also completed 95km of infill 
and extension drilling in FY25, a record 
for the operation, as the team ramps up its 
mine exploration efforts. 
Our strategically positioned processing 
hubs in the Kalahari Copper and Iberian 
Pyrite Belts will generate strong investment 
returns for shareholders and make 
a significant contribution to the local 
communities for years to come.
Financial performance 
It was also pleasing to see further 
improvement in the Company’s financial 
performance as we finished the year with 
Group sales revenue of $1,176M and 
Underlying Operations EBITDA of $610M, 
for Underlying EBITDA of $528M. This 
has enabled a $273M reduction in net 
debt over the past 12 months to $123M. 
The $120M reduction in net debt in the 
June quarter alone highlighted the cash 
generating capacity of our business and 
the strong progress we are making toward 
our targeted net cash position.
In accordance with our newly established 
Capital Management Framework, no 
dividend has been declared in respect 
of FY25 as we continued to prioritise 
disciplined investment in the business 
and the de-gearing of the balance sheet 
towards a net cash position, which we 
anticipate will occur during FY26.Board updates 
This year the Board completed a review of 
its Committee structure and membership 
so it remains effective and able to support 
the Company’s globally significant copper 
portfolio. Four standing Committees 
were settled with revised charters, 
and Directors were appointed to the 
respective Committees according to their 
background, skills and experience. There 
were no changes to Board membership. 
Gemma Tually was appointed to the role of 
Company Secretary. 
FY26 Outlook
As we look to FY26, the successful ramp-
up of Motheo beyond its initial nameplate 
capacity, alongside safe, consistent and 
predictable performance at MATSA, will 
see Sandfire well positioned to deliver its 
highly valued products into an increasingly 
tight market and further strengthening its 
financial position. 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to 
thank our CEO, Brendan Harris, and the 
exceptional Sandfire team for their hard 
work and dedication throughout the year. 
Their significant efforts to mitigate the 
challenges that have come their way has 
led to the achievement of impressive 
results again this year. Thank you to our 
shareholders, communities and other key 
stakeholders for your ongoing support. 
John Richards
Non-Executive Chair Message from the Chair
It is a privilege to present Sandfire’s FY25 Annual Report to our shareholders and other stakeholders. 
This year was a successful one for Sandfire. We delivered robust operating and financial performance and continued to demonstrate our 
commitment to sustainability permeating everything we do. 
In FY25, the Team continued to dedicate time and resources to improving our internal systems and processes, a core part of which was The 
Sandfire Way. The Sandfire Way connects the company’s purpose, strategy and values, and clearly defines how the company is organised 
and where accountability sits. Together with our robust internal system of risk management and control, The Sandfire Way will lead to better 
business outcomes, and create a safer workplace for our people, the communities in which we operate and the environment. 
Safe and inclusive workplace 
Our unwavering focus on protecting 
the health, safety, and wellbeing of our 
people has seen us maintain strong safety 
performance with our Total Recordable 
Injury Frequency (TRIF) of 1.7 remaining 
at the lower end of industry benchmarks, 
despite the disappointing increase from 
1.6 last year. We will continue to enhance 
our already robust hazard management 
systems and processes as we work to 
achieve an injury free workplace.  
We are committed to building an inclusive 
culture that values diversity by addressing 
systemic barriers that impact equity in the 
workplace. Gender diversity allows us to 
gain access to a range of diverse skills and 
expertise, and I am pleased to say we have 
maintained 40:40:20 gender diversity for 
the Board and Executive. It was pleasing to 
see female representation increase to 26% 
across the business (25.5% in FY24).  Sustainability 
Non-financial performance is connected 
to long-term value creation and we 
believe this can only be realised when 
sustainability is firmly embedded within our 
business. 
We are committed to providing employment 
and development opportunities within 
the communities where we work and 
contributing to our communities through 
community investment, local procurement 
and by paying taxes and royalties. In FY25, 
our total socio-economic contribution 
was $877.6M, and we are establishing a 
community investment approach that is 
designed to facilitate strategic community 
programs with lasting benefit.
This year, we continued to prioritise 
engagement with Traditional Custodians 
and to strengthen measures to protect 
and preserve cultural heritage across our 
business. By continuing the Company’s 
work in this area, we believe we can protect 
cultural heritage and respect the rights of 
Indigenous Peoples. This is essential if we 
are to maintain our social licence to operate 
and contribute to the long-term success of 
our business.  Climate Change 
Climate change is one of the world’s 
greatest challenges, and the management 
of climate-related risks and opportunities 
remains one of the Board’s priorities. The 
Board is pleased with the progress being 
made in response to our climate change 
targets and with the advancement of the 
power related initiatives at both Motheo 
Copper Operations (Motheo) and MATSA 
Copper Operations (MATSA). 
I am happy to report that 71% of electricity 
needs were supplied by renewable 
sources in FY25 and that an internal 
carbon price (ICP) was introduced 
throughout the business. The ICP is aimed 
at enabling decision makers to incorporate 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions costs in 
decisions regarding capital allocation and 
strategic capital expenditure.
We are also conscious of the impacts of 
climate change on our operations and 
note extreme weather occurrences during 
the year at both operations, including a 
generational rain event at Motheo. Our 
teams responded well to both events, and 
were also able to assist with community 
responses.
FY25 was a successful year for Sandfire and 
we are well positioned to  further strengthen 
our financial position. 
Our strategically positioned processing hubs in the Kalahari Copper and Iberian Pyrite 
Belts will generate strong investment returns for shareholders and make a significant 
contribution to the local communities for years to come.
4 Annual Report 2025   Sandfire Resources | Financial and Operational review Annual Report 2025   Sandfire Resources | Financial and Operational review 5