=== Page 16 ===
People
Boral’s	operating	model	is	aligned	with	SGH,	fostering	a	
performance	culture	with	a	strong	accountability	framework.	
At Boral,	this	is	driven	through	a	focus	on	the	STAAR	values	
(Safety,	Teamwork,	Ambition,	Accountability,	and	Respect),	
which	remain	central	to	how	it	operates.
In	FY25,	Boral	expanded	its	learning	programs,	supporting	
stronger	engagement	within	the	business.	Improvement	across	
employee	surveys	and	increased	participation	in	training	
initiatives	in	FY25	reflect	the	success	of	these	initiatives.
Boral’s	enhanced	corporate	culture	and	working	environment	
were	highlighted	by	improved	operational	safety	outcomes,	with	
a	34	per	cent	reduction	in	the	TRIFR	to	2.9.	While	this	represents	
meaningful	progress,	we	were	deeply	saddened	by	the	tragic	
death	of	a	Boral	employee	during	the	year.	This	incident	is	a	
stark	reminder	of	the	importance	of	safety	in	everything	we	do,	
and	Zero	Harm	remains	our	overarching	ambition.
Environment
Boral	continues	to	invest	in	decarbonisation	and	the	circular	
economy	as	part	of	its	long-term	sustainability	strategy.	
In FY25, the	company	increased	the	use	of	alternative	fuels	
at its Berrima	cement	facility	in	New	South	Wales,	reaching	
50 per	cent	usage	of	solid	waste-derived	fuels,	up from	
30	per cent	in	the	prior	year.	This	was	enabled	by	the	
commissioning of a state -of-the-art chlorine bypass system 
and supports	both	emissions	reduction	and	cost efficiency.
The	transition	away	from	coal	as	a	primary	fuel	source	for	kiln	
operations	is	a	material	enabler	of	lower	Scope	1	emissions.	
The alternative	fuels	program	also	diverts	large	volumes	of	
waste that	would	otherwise	end	up	in	landfill,	contributing	
to both	environmental	and	commercial outcomes.
Boral’s	Recycling	business	continues	to	grow,	supported	by	
targeted	investments	in	recovery	infrastructure	and	operational	
processes.	In	FY25,	the	company	increased	recovery	rates	for	
concrete	and	asphalt	waste,	with	internal	capture	and	reuse	
playing	a	larger	role	in	meeting	sustainability	objectives	and	
reducing	input costs.
Markets
Strong demand from infrastructure customers supported 
pricing	traction	and	higher	concrete	volumes,	which	partially	
offset	lower	quarry	volumes	associated	with	softer	residential	
construction	and	roading activity.
Investment	in	major	transport	and	energy	infrastructure	
continued	to	drive	resilient	customer	activity	in	metropolitan	
areas,	with	the	sector	operating	at	or	near	capacity.	Forward	
project	pipelines	remain	solid,	supported	by	Federal	and	State	
funding commitments.
Residential	construction	activity	moderated	during	the	
year,	reflecting	subdued	approvals	and	commencements.	
However, residential	fundamentals	remain	supportive,	and	an	
11 per cent QoQ increase in housing starts to March Q2025 
indicates	progress	towards	a	recovery	in activity.
Boral	continues	to	improve	its	responsiveness	to	changing	
market conditions through enhancements to its go-to -market 
strategy.	In	FY25,	this	included	the	decentralisation	of	
customer	service	and	allocations	functions,	increasing	
the	responsiveness	from	customer	service,	operations	
and	sales	teams.	The business	also	delivered	measurable	
improvements	in	customer	outcomes,	with	grade	of	service	
increasing	by	5 per cent	to	85	per	cent,	and	concrete	DOT	
lifting	13 per cent	to	86 per	cent.	These	improvements	support	
faster	decision -making,	improved	service	reliability,	and	
closer alignment	with	customer	requirements,	positioning	
Boral to	respond	effectively	to	market	dynamics	in FY26.Assets
Boral’s	vertically	integrated	asset	base	is	one	of	its	key	
competitive	advantages.	The	business	continues	to	invest	
in improving	utilisation	and	productivity	across	both	fixed	
and	mobile	assets,	guided	by	the	SCROA	framework	of	Safe,	
Compliant,	Reliable,	and	Optimised Assets.
Boral	invested	$70	million	into	its	heavy	mobile	equipment	
(HME)	fleet	in	FY25.	The	investment	is	expected	to	drive	better	
performance,	lower	maintenance	requirements,	and	increased	
efficiency	across	production	and	quarry operations.
Strategic	asset	acquisitions	were	completed	during	the	
year,	including	Sand	Supplies	and	the	Wallan	concrete	
plant	in	Victoria,	strengthening	the	network	and	extending	
customer reach.
Boral’s property portfolio remains an important source 
of long-term	value.	As	sites	transition	to	non-operational,	
or	surplus,	they	provide	opportunities	for	co-development	
and	leasing	in	the	industrial	property	market.	The	business	
is	actively	evaluating	options	to	unlock	this	value	through	
strategic partnerships.
FY25 Performance
Boral	delivered	significant	earnings	growth	in	FY25,	
reflecting	the continued	execution	of	its	“Good	to	Great”	
strategy.	Revenue grew	by	1	per	cent	to	$3.6	billion,	while	
EBIT	increased by	26	per	cent	to	a	record	$468	million.	
Full year EBIT margin	expanded	to	13.0	per	cent,	progressing	
toward	the	mid-teens	margin	ambition.	This	uplift	in	profitability	
demonstrates	the	potential	of	Boral	and	the	benefits	of	
disciplined	execution,	with	commercial	focus,	cost	control,	
and operational	improvement	driving	stronger	conversion	
of revenue	into earnings.
Price discipline across all product lines contributed to the 
margin	expansion,	supported	by	a	more	responsive	and	
market-led	approach	to	pricing,	customer	engagement,	
and service	delivery.
Operational	performance	also	improved	over	the	year,	with	
gains in	productivity,	plant	reliability,	and	asset	utilisation.	
Enhanced	scheduling,	tighter	cost	control,	and	better	
deployment	of	mobile	assets	enabled	further	margin	expansion.	
These	outcomes	reflect	the	benefits	of	disciplined	execution	
across	the	People,	Environment,	Markets,	Assets,	Financials	
(PEMAF)	framework,	which	continues	to	guide	Boral’s	approach	
to	performance improvement.
Outlook
Boral expects a continuation of operating momentum and 
market	opportunities	into	FY26.	The	business	remains	focused	
on	delivering	its	“Good	to	Great”	strategy,	with	disciplined	
execution	across	pricing,	cost	management,	and	operational	
performance.	Boral’s	more	agile	and	customer -focused	
go-to-market	approach	will	be	key	to	capturing	the	
expected opportunities across both the residential and 
infrastructure pipelines.
There	is	also	further	scope	to	build	on	the	margin	gains	achieved	
in	FY25	through	ongoing	cost	initiatives,	and	investment	across	
the	integrated	network	to	drive	efficiency	and	asset utilisation.
Boral’s	clear	operational	strategy,	privileged	asset	base,	and	
disciplined	investment	approach	position	it	to	deliver	improved	
customer	outcomes	and	drive	further	growth	in FY26.
13
Directors’ Report Financial Report Sustainability Report People Performance Review Our Businesses

=== Page 40 ===
Energy & 
EmissionsTo play our part in each of our sectors 
in meeting the Paris Agreement’s goal 
to limit global temperature rises to well 
below 2°CClimate Resilience
With the finalisation of the Boral acquisition on 
4 July 2024, we have now completed a review 
and alignment of our decarbonisation targets 
as contemplated in the FY24 Annual Report.
In reviewing the SGH framework, the following principles 
were applied:
 –Ensure alignment of business unit targets with commercially 
viable decarbonisation pathways relative to their operations; 
 –Re‑aligning targets and tracking progress against measure 
of carbon reduction against a unit of production/economic 
activity, with dollar revenue a better reflection of the progress 
and growth ambitions of our operations; and
 –Consideration of the recently introduced mandatory 
sustainability reporting and disclosure legislative and 
regulatory requirements for Australian corporations.
Our belief is that for sustainability to be truly effective and lasting, 
it must be considered across three dimensions – environmental, 
social, and commercial. We assess each initiative and option 
based on this assessment and believe that to truly deliver 
sustainable outcomes, it must deliver across all three. 
Since the initial roadmaps were developed that underpinned 
the commitments made in 2021, technological advancements 
and cost of adoption has not progressed as quickly as 
anticipated whilst the regulatory environment governing 
the requirements for emission reporting has evolved.
WesTrac, Boral and Coates all reviewed and refreshed 
their decarbonisation roadmaps during FY25. Considerations 
included performance to date against the original roadmaps and 
outlook based on the latest available information and technology. 
We also considered the risk and additional opportunities that 
may be considered over time with technological advancement 
but have not factored this into our base assumptions. 
Following these reviews and the integration of Boral into the 
SGH framework, the following revised targets and ambitions 
were announced at the 2024 SGH AGM:
 –The aspiration to play our part in each of our sectors 
in meeting the Paris Agreement’s goal to limit global 
temperature rises to below 2 degrees Celsius;
 –SGH ambition of Net ‑Zero by 2050; and
 –Boral, WesTrac and Coates intensity reduction targets 
for FY30 from FY20, with Boral targeting a 30 per cent 
and WesTrac and Coates targeting a 40 per cent reduction 
in their Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon intensity measures 
as a function of revenue.WesTrac
WesTrac achieved a 7.4 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 
2 emissions in FY25. These emissions primarily result from 
grid electricity consumed in our operations and the fossil fuel 
consumption in the testing of equipment. WesTrac remains 
focused on reducing grid based electricity consumption across 
WA and NSW. Significantly, a 1,663kW solar PV system was 
recently commissioned at Tomago NSW, with an expectation 
that approximately 88 per cent of the estimated 2.3MWh annual 
solar production will be utilised on ‑site, with excess production 
likely to generate LGCs. 
WesTrac has also increased the number of hybrid fleet vehicles 
during FY25 and several other energy efficiency opportunities 
are currently in the process of being rolled out, including 
a site‑wide LED lighting upgrade at Tomago NSW.
Work is also underway to assess the Scope 3 emissions 
for WesTrac, working with suppliers and customers to track, 
measure and report emissions. The WesTrac electrification 
unit has assembled two 793XE Battery Electric Trucks 
in Australia. Caterpillar's Dynamic Energy Transfer (DET) 
system works for both diesel ‑electric and battery‑electric 
large mining trucks. The rail system is a highly deployable, 
mobile solution that can be tailored to customers’ specific 
site layouts, including high ‑speed and curved haul roads, 
enabling higher productivity, improving operational efficiency 
and machine uptime. The innovative DET system provides the 
industry with options to support both near ‑term and long ‑term 
sustainability strategies.WesTrac – Solar Installation, Tomago NSW
Businesses also factored in our customers’ current and 
future requirements in shaping our business strategy, risk and 
opportunities. These considerations include the demand for, 
and requirements around, lower carbon concrete at Boral, 
equipment selection and requirements at Coates and the 
support and timing of the electrification journey in the mining 
industry for WesTrac.
SGH Total Emissions FY25
Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2e) 1,170 
Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2e) 258 
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (kt CO2e)  1,428 
Energy consumed (TJ)  9,825 
SGH’s total emissions include contributions from its major subsidiaries as well 
as other controlled entities of SGH Energy, Sitech, Allight, and Hushpak.
37
Directors’ Report Financial Report People Performance Review Our Businesses Sustainability Report

=== Page 41 ===
FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY2560
50
40
30
20
10
0Alternative fuel use rates at Berrima, NSWBoral
Decarbonising operations and supporting customers in their 
decarbonisation journey through lower carbon products is 
a key priority for Boral. 
Boral is currently delivering key decarbonisation projects 
including alternative fuels and kiln feed optimisation projects to 
reduce Scope 1 emissions. Boral’s ‘Alternative Fuels’ program is 
focused on transitioning cement manufacturing operations from 
coal as the primary source of thermal energy to alternative fuels. 
Boral has adopted an ambitious target to achieve 60 per cent 
of Boral’s cement kiln’s thermal energy from alternative fuels.
In FY25, Boral successfully trialed an alternative fuel replacement 
ratio of approximately 50 per cent, representing a significant 
increase from 30 per cent in FY24. Following the demonstrated 
feasibility of achieving 45 per cent alternative fuel replacement, 
Boral will prioritise the development of the necessary 
infrastructure to sustainably maintain and further enhance 
this replacement level. This was achieved through the use of 
approximately 112 kilotonnes of waste‑derived, lower ‑carbon 
alternative fuels, up from 72 kilotonnes in FY24. Utilising this 
significant volume of waste ‑derived fuels, including construction 
wood waste and end ‑of‑life tyres, enables significant reductions 
in carbon emissions, while also diverting substantial amounts of 
waste from landfill.In FY25, Boral secured $24.5 million in funding from the 
Australian Government to support its kiln feed optimisation 
project at Berrima Cement Works. This grant will complement 
Boral’s investment in a specialised grinding circuit and 
associated infrastructure. The integration of this new circuit 
will enable Boral to increase the proportion of alternative 
raw materials in kiln feed from 9 per cent to 23 per cent, 
thereby reducing limestone consumption and the related 
process emissions. 
Boral has taken a major step in its transition to renewable 
electricity usage through a solar PPA which commenced 
in FY25. This agreement will provide up to 60 GWh pa of 
renewable electricity. 
Boral continues to advocate for the potential of recarbonation. 
In FY25, Boral commissioned a recarbonation ‑based 
demonstration CCUS pilot plant at its Berrima Cement 
Works facility. This pilot plant will be utilised to further validate 
the feasibility of concrete recarbonation and its integration 
within a CCUS process.
As highlighted in the Sixth Assessment Report of the United 
Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), 
carbon emissions from concrete and cement manufacturing are 
partially reabsorbed by concrete over the lifecycle of buildings 
and infrastructure. Studies estimate that CO2 uptake through 
concrete recarbonation could offset between 20 per cent and 
55 per cent of the process CO2 emissions generated during 
cement production. Boral believes that broader recognition 
of the recarbonation process remains a significant opportunity 
for Boral. 
Boral is prioritising lower carbon concrete innovation, 
development and availability. Boral’s lower carbon concrete 
combines distinctive proprietary binder ingredient ZEP 
technology with expertise in concrete mix design to replace 
the cement used in concrete with Supplementary Cementitious 
Materials (SCMs). SCMs are typically ground granulated 
blast‑furnace slag and fly ash, which are by ‑products of steel 
manufacturing and coal ‑fired power generation, respectively. 
In FY25, lower carbon concrete represented approximately 
30 per cent of concrete sales volume for the year.
In FY25, Boral made significant progress in the development 
of its high ‑SCM premium products through extensive research 
and development, achieving cement replacement levels of 
up to 70 per cent for specific applications. This represents a 
substantial increase from the previous 50 per cent replacement 
ratio for standard Envisia® and Envirocrete® Plus products.Boral – Peppertree, NSW
SGH  A nnual Report 202538