=== Table 1 (page 16) ===
People,Assets
"Boral’s	operating	model	is	aligned	with	SGH,	fostering	a",Boral’s	vertically	integrated	asset	base	is	one	of	its	key
performance	culture	with	a	strong	accountability	framework.,competitive	advantages.	The	business	continues	to	invest
"At Boral,	this	is	driven	through	a	focus	on	the	STAAR	values",in improving	utilisation	and	productivity	across	both	fixed
"(Safety,	Teamwork,	Ambition,	Accountability,	and	Respect),","and	mobile	assets,	guided	by	the	SCROA	framework	of	Safe,"
which	remain	central	to	how	it	operates.,"Compliant,	Reliable,	and	Optimised Assets."
"In	FY25,	Boral	expanded	its	learning	programs,	supporting",Boral	invested	$70	million	into	its	heavy	mobile	equipment
stronger	engagement	within	the	business.	Improvement	across,(HME)	fleet	in	FY25.	The	investment	is	expected	to	drive	better
employee	surveys	and	increased	participation	in	training,"performance,	lower	maintenance	requirements,	and	increased"
initiatives	in	FY25	reflect	the	success	of	these	initiatives.,efficiency	across	production	and	quarry operations.
Boral’s	enhanced	corporate	culture	and	working	environment,Strategic	asset	acquisitions	were	completed	during	the
"were	highlighted	by	improved	operational	safety	outcomes,	with","year,	including	Sand	Supplies	and	the	Wallan	concrete"
a	34	per	cent	reduction	in	the	TRIFR	to	2.9.	While	this	represents,"plant	in	Victoria,	strengthening	the	network	and	extending"
"meaningful	progress,	we	were	deeply	saddened	by	the	tragic",customer reach.
death	of	a	Boral	employee	during	the	year.	This	incident	is	a,
,Boral’s property portfolio remains an important source
"stark	reminder	of	the	importance	of	safety	in	everything	we	do,",
,"of long-term	value.	As	sites	transition	to	non-operational,"
and	Zero	Harm	remains	our	overarching	ambition.,
,"or	surplus,	they	provide	opportunities	for	co-development"
,and	leasing	in	the	industrial	property	market.	The	business
Environment,
,is	actively	evaluating	options	to	unlock	this	value	through
Boral	continues	to	invest	in	decarbonisation	and	the	circular,
,strategic partnerships.
economy	as	part	of	its	long-term	sustainability	strategy.,
"In FY25, the	company	increased	the	use	of	alternative	fuels",
,FY25 Performance
"at its Berrima	cement	facility	in	New	South	Wales,	reaching",
,"Boral	delivered	significant	earnings	growth	in	FY25,"
"50 per	cent	usage	of	solid	waste-derived	fuels,	up from",
,reflecting	the continued	execution	of	its	“Good	to	Great”
30	per cent	in	the	prior	year.	This	was	enabled	by	the,
,"strategy.	Revenue grew	by	1	per	cent	to	$3.6	billion,	while"
commissioning of a state-of-the-art chlorine bypass system,
,EBIT	increased by	26	per	cent	to	a	record	$468	million.
and supports	both	emissions	reduction	and	cost efficiency.,
,"Full year EBIT margin	expanded	to	13.0	per	cent,	progressing"
The	transition	away	from	coal	as	a	primary	fuel	source	for	kiln,toward	the	mid-teens	margin	ambition.	This	uplift	in	profitability
operations	is	a	material	enabler	of	lower	Scope	1	emissions.,demonstrates	the	potential	of	Boral	and	the	benefits	of
The alternative	fuels	program	also	diverts	large	volumes	of,"disciplined	execution,	with	commercial	focus,	cost	control,"
"waste that	would	otherwise	end	up	in	landfill,	contributing",and operational	improvement	driving	stronger	conversion
to both	environmental	and	commercial outcomes.,of revenue	into earnings.
"Boral’s	Recycling	business	continues	to	grow,	supported	by",Price discipline across all product lines contributed to the
targeted	investments	in	recovery	infrastructure	and	operational,"margin	expansion,	supported	by	a	more	responsive	and"
"processes.	In	FY25,	the	company	increased	recovery	rates	for","market-led	approach	to	pricing,	customer	engagement,"
"concrete	and	asphalt	waste,	with	internal	capture	and	reuse",and service	delivery.
playing	a	larger	role	in	meeting	sustainability	objectives	and,
,"Operational	performance	also	improved	over	the	year,	with"
reducing	input costs.,
,"gains in	productivity,	plant	reliability,	and	asset	utilisation."
,"Enhanced	scheduling,	tighter	cost	control,	and	better"
Markets,
,deployment	of	mobile	assets	enabled	further	margin	expansion.
Strong demand from infrastructure customers supported,
,These	outcomes	reflect	the	benefits	of	disciplined	execution
"pricing	traction	and	higher	concrete	volumes,	which	partially",
,"across	the	People,	Environment,	Markets,	Assets,	Financials"
offset	lower	quarry	volumes	associated	with	softer	residential,
,"(PEMAF)	framework,	which	continues	to	guide	Boral’s	approach"
construction	and	roading activity.,
,to	performance improvement.
Investment	in	major	transport	and	energy	infrastructure,
continued	to	drive	resilient	customer	activity	in	metropolitan,Outlook
"areas,	with	the	sector	operating	at	or	near	capacity.	Forward",Boral expects a continuation of operating momentum and
"project	pipelines	remain	solid,	supported	by	Federal	and	State",market	opportunities	into	FY26.	The	business	remains	focused
funding commitments.,"on	delivering	its	“Good	to	Great”	strategy,	with	disciplined"
,"execution	across	pricing,	cost	management,	and	operational"
Residential	construction	activity	moderated	during	the,
,performance.	Boral’s	more	agile	and	customer-focused
"year,	reflecting	subdued	approvals	and	commencements.",
,go-to-market	approach	will	be	key	to	capturing	the
"However, residential	fundamentals	remain	supportive,	and	an",
,expected opportunities across both the residential and
11 per cent QoQ increase in housing starts to March Q2025,
,infrastructure pipelines.
indicates	progress	towards	a	recovery	in activity.,
,There	is	also	further	scope	to	build	on	the	margin	gains	achieved
Boral	continues	to	improve	its	responsiveness	to	changing,
,"in	FY25	through	ongoing	cost	initiatives,	and	investment	across"
market conditions through enhancements to its go-to-market,
,the	integrated	network	to	drive	efficiency	and	asset utilisation.
"strategy.	In	FY25,	this	included	the	decentralisation	of",
"customer	service	and	allocations	functions,	increasing","Boral’s	clear	operational	strategy,	privileged	asset	base,	and"
"the	responsiveness	from	customer	service,	operations",disciplined	investment	approach	position	it	to	deliver	improved
and	sales	teams.	The business	also	delivered	measurable,customer	outcomes	and	drive	further	growth	in FY26.
"improvements	in	customer	outcomes,	with	grade	of	service",

=== Table 2 (page 40) ===
,,"and requirements around, lower carbon concrete at Boral,"
as contemplated in the FY24 Annual Report.,,
,,equipment selection and requirements at Coates and the
,,support and timing of the electrification journey in the mining
"In reviewing the SGH framework, the following principles",,
,,industry for WesTrac.
were applied:,,
–,Ensure alignment of business unit targets with commercially,
,,"SGH Total Emissions
FY25"
,viable decarbonisation pathways relative to their operations;,
,,"1,170 
Scope 1 emissions (kt CO2e)"
–,Re‑aligning targets and tracking progress against measure,
,of carbon reduction against a unit of production/economic,"258 
Scope 2 emissions (kt CO2e)"
,"activity, with dollar revenue a better reflection of the progress",
,,"1,428 
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (kt CO2e)"
,and growth ambitions of our operations; and,
,,"Energy consumed (TJ)
 9,825"
–,Consideration of the recently introduced mandatory,
,sustainability reporting and disclosure legislative and,SGH’s total emissions include contributions from its major subsidiaries as well
,,"as other controlled entities of SGH Energy, Sitech, Allight, and Hushpak."
,regulatory requirements for Australian corporations.,
"Our belief is that for sustainability to be truly effective and lasting,",,

=== Table 3 (page 41) ===
"Boral – Peppertree, NSW",
Boral,"In FY25, Boral secured $24.5 million in funding from the"
,Australian Government to support its kiln feed optimisation
Decarbonising operations and supporting customers in their,
,project at Berrima Cement Works. This grant will complement
decarbonisation journey through lower carbon products is,
,Boral’s investment in a specialised grinding circuit and
a key priority for Boral.,
,associated infrastructure. The integration of this new circuit
Boral is currently delivering key decarbonisation projects,will enable Boral to increase the proportion of alternative
including alternative fuels and kiln feed optimisation projects to,"raw materials in kiln feed from 9 per cent to 23 per cent,"
reduce Scope 1 emissions. Boral’s ‘Alternative Fuels’ program is,thereby reducing limestone consumption and the related
focused on transitioning cement manufacturing operations from,process emissions.
coal as the primary source of thermal energy to alternative fuels.,
,Boral has taken a major step in its transition to renewable
Boral has adopted an ambitious target to achieve 60 per cent,
,electricity usage through a solar PPA which commenced
of Boral’s cement kiln’s thermal energy from alternative fuels.,
,in FY25. This agreement will provide up to 60 GWh pa of
"In FY25, Boral successfully trialed an alternative fuel replacement",renewable electricity.
"ratio of approximately 50 per cent, representing a significant",
,Boral continues to advocate for the potential of recarbonation.
increase from 30 per cent in FY24. Following the demonstrated,
,"In FY25, Boral commissioned a recarbonation‑based"
"feasibility of achieving 45 per cent alternative fuel replacement,",
,demonstration CCUS pilot plant at its Berrima Cement
Boral will prioritise the development of the necessary,
,Works facility. This pilot plant will be utilised to further validate
infrastructure to sustainably maintain and further enhance,
,the feasibility of concrete recarbonation and its integration
this replacement level. This was achieved through the use of,
,within a CCUS process.
"approximately 112 kilotonnes of waste‑derived, lower‑carbon",
"alternative fuels, up from 72 kilotonnes in FY24. Utilising this",
,As highlighted in the Sixth Assessment Report of the United
"significant volume of waste‑derived fuels, including construction",
,"Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC),"
"wood waste and end‑of‑life tyres, enables significant reductions",
,carbon emissions from concrete and cement manufacturing are
"in carbon emissions, while also diverting substantial amounts of",
,partially reabsorbed by concrete over the lifecycle of buildings
waste from landfill.,
,and infrastructure. Studies estimate that CO2 uptake through
,concrete recarbonation could offset between 20 per cent and
"Alternative fuel use rates at Berrima, NSW",
,55 per cent of the process CO2 emissions generated during
,cement production. Boral believes that broader recognition
60,
,of the recarbonation process remains a significant opportunity
50,for Boral.
40,"Boral is prioritising lower carbon concrete innovation,"
,development and availability. Boral’s lower carbon concrete
30,
,combines distinctive proprietary binder ingredient ZEP
20,
,technology with expertise in concrete mix design to replace
10,the cement used in concrete with Supplementary Cementitious
,Materials (SCMs). SCMs are typically ground granulated
0,
,"blast‑furnace slag and fly ash, which are by‑products of steel"
"9
0
1
2
3
4
5",
"1
2
2
2
2
2
2",
"Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y","manufacturing and coal‑fired power generation, respectively."
"F
F
F
F
F
F
F",
,"In FY25, lower carbon concrete represented approximately"
,30 per cent of concrete sales volume for the year.
,"In FY25, Boral made significant progress in the development"
,of its high‑SCM premium products through extensive research
,"and development, achieving cement replacement levels of"
,up to 70 per cent for specific applications. This represents a
,substantial increase from the previous 50 per cent replacement
,ratio for standard Envisia® and Envirocrete® Plus products.

=== Table 4 (page 42) ===
"Coates – Hybrid Power System, Ingleburn NSW",
Coates,Coates also made significant progress in reducing
,"emissions from our light vehicle fleet, cutting liquid fuel use"
"In FY25, Coates achieved a 10 per cent reduction in Scope",
,"by 10 per cent, resulting in emissions reduction of 1,000 tonnes"
1 and 2 emissions. Emissions primarily result from fossil fuel,
,through fleet size rationalization by approximately 20 per cent
"consumption by our internal heavy and light vehicle fleet,",
,and replacing older light vehicles with fuel‑efficient hybrids and
and the use of grid electricity.,
,"battery electric vehicles, increasing the share of low‑emissions"
A key milestone in FY25 was a 16 per cent year‑on‑year,vehicles to 3 per cent of the vehicle fleet.
"reduction in grid electricity consumption, achieved",
,Our support of the decarbonisation transition extends beyond
through renewable generation from rooftop solar now at,
,our own footprint. We are supporting customers to reduce their
"over 25 per cent of our 145 branches, and the integration",
,construction and project emissions and energy costs through
of our pilot site battery energy storage systems to further,
,"access to low and zero‑emissions hire equipment, which"
leverage behind‑the‑meter generation.,
,"includes elevated work platforms, lighting, materials handling,"
Coates’ branch rooftop solar rollout program delivered,traffic and hybrid power solutions.
a substantial reduction in grid electricity consumption –,
,Coates offers rental hybrid generation solutions to our
approximately 1.1 GW – and approximately 740 tonnes of,
,"customers who require off‑grid power supply, providing 9,600"
Scope 2 emissions annually. This initiative is central to our,
,days of ‘hybrid power’ to off‑grid and remote projects in FY25.
energy roadmap to meet our internal decarbonisation targets.,

=== Table 5 (page 44) ===
Metrics and Targets,Physical climate risks: Exposure assessment
SGH accepts the IPCC assessment of the science related to,"In FY22, SGH worked closely with Katestone, a leading"
climate change and commits to play a leading role in each of,"meteorological advisory provider, to understand the extent"
our sectors in meeting the Paris Agreement’s goal to limit global,to which our operating locations might be subject to increased
temperature rises to well below 2°C by the end of this century.,hazards from future weather events related to physical
,climate change. The study applied climate modelling of the
"Following the integration of Boral into SGH, we announced the",
,worst‑case RCP 8.5 scenario through to 2050 across the
following revised targets and ambitions at the 2024 SGH AGM:,
,12 Australian regions that WesTrac and Coates operate in.
"–
The Aspiration remains to play our part in each of our",
,Four climate‑related hazards were modelled in each region:
sectors in meeting the Paris Agreement’s goal to limit global,
,extreme heat; extreme rainfall/flooding; bushfire; and cyclones.
temperature rises to below 2 degrees Celsius;,
,Trigger parameters for each hazard were defined which are
"–
Ambition of Net‑Zero by 2050; and",
,relevant and appropriate for WesTrac and Coates’ businesses.
"–
Boral, WesTrac and Coates intensity reduction targets",
,"The study found, amongst other things, that over the"
"for FY30 from a FY20 base year, with Boral targeting a",
,projected period:
30 per cent reduction and WesTrac and Coates targeting,
a 40 per cent reduction in their Scope 1 and Scope 2,
,"–
7 of our 12 regions will experience significant rises"
carbon intensity measures as a function of revenue.,
,of 50 per cent or more in extreme rainfall events;
,"–
5 of our 12 regions will experience significant rises"
,of 50 per cent or more in bushfire hazards; and
Targeting emissions intensity reductions,
,"–
2 of our 12 regions will experience significant rises"
from FY20 base year,
,of 50 per cent or more in extreme heat events.
"WesTrac
40% 
 Reduction by FY30",
,These results have been used in each business to

=== Table 6 (page 45) ===
"The scope of assurance was limited to the Subject Matter Information, as presented in the table below and within the Report, applicable to SGH’s entities",,
"including Coates Group Holdings Pty Ltd (“Coates”), WesTrac Pty Ltd (“WesTrac”) and Boral Limited (“Boral”) for the period of 1st July 2024 to 30th June",,
2025.,,
,Subject Matter Information,Reporting Criteria
,Work-Related Injuries,GRI 403–9 a. i. iii. iv. v. (2018)
,Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men,GRI 405-2 a. (2016)
,New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover,GRI 401-1 (2016)
,Energy Consumption within the Organisation*,GRI 302-1 e. (2016) and the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007
,Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions*,GRI 305-1 a. (2016) and the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007
,Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions*,GRI 305-2 a. (2016) and the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007
,Waste Generated and Waste Diverted from Disposal,GRI 306-3 (2020) and GRI 306-4 a. (2020)
N,Water Withdrawal,GRI 303-3 a. (2018)