=== Page 4 ===
4 5
Widespread inflationary pressures continued to impact the 
Group across its operations for most of FY2023, including raw 
materials, labour and financing costs . For example, the Rice 
Pool Business experienced a $44 million (102%) increase in 
freight costs compared to FY2022. Yet despite this inflationary 
environment, the company still achieved a record naturally 
determined paddy price. The Board would like to acknowledge 
our people for their skill and effort in successfully navigating 
these challenging economic conditions.
The inherent resilience of the SunRice business is based on 
our people and partners; some of the world’s most skilled rice 
growers, our dedicated and innovative employees, and our 
business partners, locally and around the world. We continued 
to strengthen our global supply chain and our multi-origin, 
multi-market sourcing strategy, evolving our product range 
to match global consumer preferences and reducing earnings 
volatility. The SunRice management team, ably led by Group 
CEO Rob Gordon, has continued to further diversify our source 
markets to act as a hedge against climate and market variability 
and building new global destination markets.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Rob and recognise 
his achievements ahead of his retirement from the date of our 
2023 Annual General Meeting. Particularly, Rob was instrumental 
in listing the company on the Australian Securities Exchange in 
2019 and continued the expansion of our Global Rice Business. 
He successfully guided the business through drought, floods, 
record low crops, and multiple rice vesting reviews, to leave the 
SunRice Group in a stronger position.    
At the conclusion of our Annual General Meeting on 23 August 
2023, Paul Serra will commence as our new Group CEO and 
Managing Director. Paul brings a wealth of experience from 
previous global food manufacturing businesses, and we look 
forward to having someone of Paul’s capability and expertise 
join the SunRice Group at this exciting time.
As a Board and as representatives of a community of rice 
growers, in FY2023 we continued our focus on embedding 
sustainability into our business across our six priority areas. 
During the year, the Board supported the business in its 
commitment to set a Science Based Target (SBT) through the 
Science Based Target initiative. This will lead to the development 
of a roadmap in FY2024 outlining how the company will meet its 
medium and long-term emission reductions targets. Many rice 
growers have moved to drill sowing with delayed permanent 
water, continuing to reduce our carbon footprint and enhancing 
our international reputation for rice growing water efficiency. 
We have just concluded harvesting the CY23 crop of 
approximately 500,000  paddy tonnes which should continue to 
underpin supply into key premium domestic and international 
markets in the coming year. The outlook for the CY24 crop 
plantings, which will be processed and marketed in FY2025, also 
remains positive with Southern NSW water storages currently 
over 90% full. This is expected to result in a fourth consecutive 
year of abundant Australian rice production in FY2025, with the 
Riverina storage and milling asset footprint expected to fully 
recover its operating costs. 
While many of our growers were affected by flooding and wet 
conditions in FY2023, the relentless march of inequitable water 
reform remains front of mind for the Board. Riverina annual 
irrigators are the most impacted water users in the Murray Darling  Basin and yet the Federal Government is buying back another 10 
gigalitres from the NSW Murray Valley. 
This is the first Murray Darling Basin buyback program in over 
a decade and may push temporary water market prices in the 
Southern Basin above $1,000 per megalitre, making annual 
cropping unviable in dryer years. With prices fluctuating from $2 
per megalitre to greater than $800 per megalitre across seasons, 
this undoubtedly makes the Southern Connected water market 
one of the most volatile globally. As a former National Water 
Commissioner, I can assure you that this was not anticipated 
and should be addressed by policy makers. Managing these 
fluctuations in water market prices is one of the largest long term  
risks to Growers and our business, as we have seen in drought.  
The SunRice Group, working with the Ricegrowers’ Association 
of Australia (RGA), has put solutions in front of the State and 
Federal Government and will continue to seek outcomes that 
will benefit the Australian economy, regional communities and 
the environment. These outcomes are not mutually exclusive.
Last year, the former NSW Government announced its decision 
to continue the structured marketing arrangements – known 
as rice vesting – for another five-year term to 30 June 2027. 
However, in making this decision, the former NSW Government 
called for another independent review to consider some of the 
issues identified in its 2021 rice vesting review. The Australian 
Bureau of Agriculture and Resource Economics and Sciences 
(ABARES) was commissioned to prepare this independent report 
(ABARES Report) which was delivered to the NSW Agriculture 
Minister in late May 2023.  
Put simply, these structured marketing arrangements have for 
a number of years  underpinned the prosperity of the Riverina 
rice industry and are crucial to its future longevity . International 
rice markets are highly complex and have significant trade 
restrictions which means rice is not freely traded. This is why our 
Riverina rice industry has had a coordinated approach to market 
access in the form of vesting or single desk arrangements for 
many years. Importantly, these arrangements enable Australian 
rice farmers to compete globally by collectively marketing under 
a premium brand, returning export price premiums directly  
to our growers.
Finally, I want to acknowledge Leigh Vial , who has decided not 
to seek re-election to the SunRice Board and will step down 
as a Grower Director in August 2023. Leigh  had served as a 
Grower Director on the Board since 2015, and made a strong  
contribution not only to SunRice, but the broader Australian  
rice industry.
I extend my sincere thanks to my fellow Directors, our growers,  
the Chair of the Rice Marketing Board of NSW (RMB) Victoria 
Taylor, the other RMB Directors, the President of the RGA, Peter 
Herrmann, and the RGA more broadly. I also thank SunRice’s 
strong Management team and look forward to working closely 
with our incoming Group CEO Paul Serra as the Group looks to 
continue this year’s impressive performance.  
 
 
 
 
Laurie Arthur  
SunRice ChairmanANNUAL REPORT 2023SUNRICE GROUP CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
Chairman’s  
Report
I am pleased to report that the SunRice Group has 
posted record financial metrics this year. 
In FY2023 the company achieved the highest naturally determined 
paddy price for our A Class shareholders and Riverina rice growers, 
record dividends9 to our B Class shareholders and an overall group 
revenue of $1.64 billion, which is the highest recorded revenue in 
the SunRice Group’s 70+ year history. 
The Australian Rice Pool Business had an exceptional year, 
generating revenue of $335.3m which is a 36% increase on FY2022. 
A strong CY22 crop of 688,000 paddy tonnes, our largest crop in five 
years and 65% larger than the CY21 crop of 417,000 paddy tonnes, 
allowed the business to achieve higher sales volumes of Australian 
rice in premium markets both domestically and internationally. 
This also positioned the company to realise new opportunities in 
global government tenders and supply Australian rice into drought 
affected markets such as the U.S. and Europe. 
The strong performance of the Rice Pool Business resulted in 
another record naturally determined paddy price in CY22 of $461 
per tonne for medium grain Reiziq (exceeding the previous record of 
$428 per tonne in CY21). I believe this performance firmly validates 
our rice pool model which, although subject to commodity price 
fluctuations, can adapt to market conditions to maximise returns 
for both classes of shareholders. 
9. The Group’s total fully franked dividend of 50 cents per B Class Share includes an interim 
dividend of 10 cents per B Class Share declared on 15 December 2022 and a final dividend  
of 40 cents per B Class Share declared on 22 June 2023.

=== Page 17 ===
30 31FY2024
Continue towards 2025 Australian 
Packaging Covenant Organisation  
(APCO) Targets
50% reduction in operational waste to 
landfill by the end of FY2024, against 
the Group’s FY2022 baseline
100% of all Australian and New 
Zealand products displaying the 
Australasian Recycling Label (ARL) 
by the end of FY2024, including 
working towards implementing future 
guidance from APCO regarding the 
recycling of soft plastics
Our priorities, ambitions & targets
Our priorities align to our material topics and provide focus and a destination
Resilient  
communitiesRespecting 
human rightsFood security  
& qualityWaste  
reduction 
Supporting the industry 
towards the most water 
efficient rice paddies 
globallyNet zero emissions across 
our value chain by 2050
Partner with growers  
to create a step change  
in reducing emissions
Adopt TCFD 
recommendationsToward zero waste 
from our products  
and packagingOur communities 
consider SunRice a vital 
part of their ecosystemEquity and equality 
across our operations 
and supply chainSecure, nourishing 
and quality products
FY2024
Continue Australian rice industry 
extension, with the majority of grower 
extension activities focused on water 
productivity
Australian Rice Emissions Reduction pilot
Continue supporting Rice Breeding 
Australia to develop rice varieties that 
increase water productivity and decrease 
GHG emissionsFY2024
Achieve 2% annual improvement in energy 
efficiency as a rolling average
Australian Rice Emissions Reduction pilot
Develop our Net Zero Roadmap and submit 
our SBT for validation to the SBTiFY2024
Implement new Community Engagement 
Strategy to deliver long term target
Test and implement socio-economic 
impact assessment methodology, 
providing a framework to track 
performance
During FY2022–FY2024, donate 600,000  
meals to a broad range of community 
organisations where we operate
LONG TERM
2,000 hours volunteered by employees 
Contribute to the resilience of the 
communities where we operate  
in a measurable wayLONG TERM
Support the broader Australian rice 
industry’s aspirational target of  
1.5 tonnes per megalitre for Australian 
rice by the end of 2027LONG TERM
Meet Australian Packaging Covenant 
Organisation (APCO) targets by the  
end of 2025:
•	0% single use24
•	100% reusable, recyclable or 
compostable
•	50% recycled contentFY2024
Continue to implement the supplier 
Mutual Recognition Program making it 
easier for suppliers to comply with our 
Supplier Sustainability Program 
100% of SunRice owned sites with 
refreshed social and ethical audits  
by the end of FY2024
LONG TERM
Continue to implement Supplier 
Sustainability Program LONG TERM
Continuous improvement in Australian 
Pure Seed Program 
Maintain SunRice manufacturing site 
certification to Global Food Safety 
Initiative (GFSI) recognised standard
Continue to invest in efficiency of rice 
breeding and extension programs to  
improve on farm productivity (yield/ha), 
quality and genetic purity
Leverage our global sourcing expertise 
to deliver quality and affordable 
products to local communitiesClimate  
resilienceWater  
productivity
ANNUAL REPORT 2023SUNRICE GROUP OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
22.  Aligned with setting a SBT, we are revising our targets to align with the FLAG and non-FLAG requirements  
of the SBTi. These targets will be disclosed once our target is validated by the SBTi.
23. Previous target stated 100% renewable energy. This has been updated to reflect our commitment to renewable 
electricity, and acknowledges the role of gas in the near-term whilst we develop our 2050 roadmap. Further 
information on the global energy mix can be founds here: sunrice.com.au/AR23/iea-net-zero-by-2050  (iea.org.au)
24. APCO target: the phase out of problematic and unnecessary single-use plastics packaging. APCO Targets are 
available here: sunrice.com.au/AR23/apco-national-packaging-targets  (apco.org.au)
LONG TERM
By 2030, Scope 1 and 2, and non-FLAG  
Scope 3:22
•	25% reduction in emissions
•	100% renewable electricity23
Net zero by 2050
Implement Taskforce on Climate 
related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD) 
recommendations