=== Page 2 ===
CONTENTS
About This Report 2
Reporting scope 2
Reporting Frameworks and Principles 3
How to Navigate – Link to Indices 3
Assurance Level and Scope  3
Reporting in FY26 3
Introduction 4
Message from the CEO & Chair 4
About Sims Limited 5
Alignment to values 5
Our business model and value creation 6
Sustainability Strategy 8
Financial Year Highlights 10
Performance 10
Awards, Certification and Recognition 11
Corporate Governance 12
Sustainability Leadership and Capability 12
Board Engagement on Climate in FY25 13
Informed Oversight and Decision-Making 14
Management’s Role 14
Governance Processes and Policies 15
Advocacy Efforts 15
Stakeholder Engagement 16
Materiality and Prioritisation 18
Operate responsibly 20
Our People 20
Health and safety 20
Valuing human capital 22
First Nations 29
Reconciliation Action Plan 29
Ethical Business Practices 30
Human rights and modern slavery 30
Ethical conduct 30
Fair remuneration 31
Privacy and security 31
Economic contribution 31
Tax matter 31Support communities 32
Community Investment and Volunteering 32
Complaints and Responsiveness 33
Action on Climate 34
Climate Strategy 34
Avoided impact 34
Circularity in Practice 38
Climate targets 39
Decarbonisation plan 40
Climate Strategy Execution 41
Performance against targets 42
Next phase of our journey 46
Use of carbon offsets 47
Business model and value chain impacts 48
Strategy and decision-making 48
Climate-related financial planning 49
Transition planning and governance 49
Nature and Resource Stewardship 50
Environmental management 50
Risk Management 53
Climate risks and opportunities 53
Metrics and Targets 56
Appendix 57
Basis of Preparation 57
Frameworks Indices 58
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures index 58
Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standards index 59
Global Reporting Index (GRI) Standard Index 60
Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Index 66
Assurance 68
Assurance Statement 68
Glossary 72

=== Page 4 ===
About This ReportOVERVIEW
Reporting scope
This report forms part of Sims Limited’s FY25 ESG disclosures, which include: 
Sustainability Report
Our primary sustainability 
disclosure, now inclusive of 
climate-related content which was 
previously reported separately.ESG Databook
A companion Excel 
document containing 
detailed ESG data points.Modern Slavery Statement
A standalone report addressing 
human rights due diligence and 
modern slavery risks.
Our reporting covers a broad range of ESG metrics, including but not limited to: greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions, energy use, waste generation, water consumption, health and safety, gender pay equity, and other 
workforce indicators.The FY25 Sustainability Report outlines Sims Limited’s performance and progress 
across key environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2025. It includes both qualitative and quantitative data covering our 
global operations and is intended to provide stakeholders with a transparent view of 
how we manage our most material sustainability issues.
2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTExecuting on strategy to deliver sustainable returnsCreating value
through circularity
2025 SUSTAINABILITY DATABOOKExecuting on strategy to deliver sustainable returnsDriving Change.
Delivering Value.
2025 MODERN SLAVERY STATEMENTExecuting on strategy to deliver sustainable returnsProtecting People.  
Shaping Change.ABOUT THIS REPORT
2 Sims Limited  Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 5 ===
Reporting Frameworks and Principles
This report has been prepared in line with key 
international and national reporting frameworks. We have 
commenced alignment to the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ASRS) – through AASB S1 and 
AASB2 – and aim to progressively align with all ASRS 
disclosure requirements in future reporting periods.
GHG emissions data is reported in accordance with 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting 
and Reporting Standard  and the Corporate Value Chain 
(Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard . For further 
detail, refer to the Basis of  section in the Appendix of 
this document.
We also consider elements of the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) standards where relevant to our 
material topics. 
Beyond this report, we disclose sustainability-related 
information in line with other frameworks and regulatory 
programs, including:
 ■CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) – Climate
 ■Australia’s National Greenhouse and Energy 
Reporting (NGER) Scheme.
How to Navigate – Link to Indices
This report includes several tools to support accessibility 
and navigation:
 ■hyperlinked table of contents to jump 
between sections
 ■reporting indices showing alignment to the four 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures  
and ASRS pillars  (Frameworks Indices)
 ■data tables and key messages throughout the report
 ■cross-references to other policies and reports
 ■a glossary of key terms and acronyms ( Glossary ).
We encourage readers to explore the full suite of 
materials to gain a comprehensive view of Sims Limited’s 
sustainability performance and priorities.
Assurance Level and Scope 
While assurance of sustainability disclosures is not yet 
mandatory under the ASRS, Sims Limited has voluntarily 
obtained limited assurance over selected ESG metrics 
since FY20. These metrics include:
 ■total energy consumption
 ■direct sources (Scope 1)
 ■fugitive emissions, including refrigerants ■indirect sources (Scope 2 location-based and 
market-based)
 ■value chain sources (Scope 3)
 ■NOx and SOx emissions from fuel combustion
 ■total water consumption
 ■waste volume
 ■gender pay gap
 ■health and safety data.
The assurance statement , provided by Apex, offers 
limited assurance over the selected ESG data listed 
above. The assurance was conducted in accordance 
with standard third-party procedures, referencing the 
International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 
3000 (Revised).
For GHG emissions, assurance was additionally 
conducted in line with ISO 14064-3:2019 ( Greenhouse 
gases – Part 3: Specification with guidance for 
the verification and validation of greenhouse 
gas statements ).
The assurance was based on the following criteria:
 ■WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard
 ■WRI/WBCSD Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Accounting and Reporting Standard.
The objective of the assurance is to provide users with 
confidence that the relevant data is free from material 
misstatement, and that it supports decision-making with 
a reasonable degree of confidence.
Reporting in FY26
Sims Limited’s sustainability reporting suite will 
continue to evolve in FY26 as we move closer to full 
alignment with the ASRS. In FY25, we consolidated 
our disclosures into a single Sustainability Report, 
supported by a Sustainability Databook and our Modern 
Slavery Statement, which is published at the end of each 
calendar year. Structured around the four ASRS pillars, 
the report also reflects our initial progress in addressing 
gaps as we align with ASRS requirements. In FY26, we 
will further refine our approach, expanding coverage of 
climate-related risks, opportunities and financial impacts, 
with progress assessed against ASRS expectations as 
part of our external review process.
Sims Limited  Sustainability Report 2025 3

=== Page 6 ===
1 Scope 1 and Scope 2 market basedINTRODUCTION
Message from 
the CEO & ChairIntroduction
FY25 was a milestone year for Sims Limited, with 
our original sustainability targets achieved and now 
embedded in our operations. Together, we reinforced 
our leadership in the circular economy and laid the 
foundations for the next phase of sustainability reporting 
and accountability – always guided by our purpose to 
create a world without waste to preserve our planet.
Delivering on climate commitments
We are proud to have achieved a 49% reduction in Scope 
1 and 2 emissions against our FY20 baseline, significantly 
exceeding our 23% reduction target. We also reached our 
goal of sourcing 100% renewable electricity across all 
operated businesses, marking a major milestone in our 
decarbonisation journey. Alongside this, Sims Lifecycle 
Services achieved carbon neutrality.
Importantly, the positive impact of our operations 
extends well beyond our own footprint. The emissions 
we help avoid are more than 160 times greater than our 
combined operational footprint.1 While these avoided 
emissions are not part of our Scope 1, 2, or 3 inventories, 
they highlight Sims’ dual role: enabling customer 
decarbonisation through circular solutions, while 
continuing to progressively reduce our own footprint.
Embedding robust governance 
FY25 was also a year of preparation for new regulatory 
expectations. We strengthened our data quality 
processes, positioning Sims strongly as we move toward 
compliance with the Australian Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (ASRS) from FY26.
We will bring a non binding Climate resolution to 
shareholders at the 2025 AGM, seeking support for the 
Sustainability and Climate Report which lays out that 
we are a key player in the circular economy, enabling 
significant emissions reductions, and we have met our 
2025 targets. However, our pathway to 2030 looks 
more challenging and costly and we will review our way 
forward during 2026.Prioritising safety and people
Nothing matters more to Sims than the health and 
wellbeing of our people. In FY25, we recorded an all-time 
low Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate of 0.11, reducing 
lost time events by more than 50% compared with last 
year. This world-class result reflects the vigilance of our 
employees and the strength of our safety culture.
Our people are central to our progress on culture, 
diversity, and inclusion. In FY25, our employee 
engagement survey again achieved a score of 82% 
– a level we have maintained at record highs since 
FY21. This consistency highlights the resilience of our 
culture through a period of significant transformation 
and reinforces the commitment of our people to Sims’ 
purpose and values.
We also continued to invest in programs to strengthen 
gender representation, including the Women 
Leadership@Sims Forum, which has supported over 
44% of its alumni into promotions or expanded 
responsibilities. Female representation across senior 
leadership rose to 23% in FY25, and we remain 
committed to further increasing the participation of 
women across our workforce and leadership pipelines.
Our commitment to leadership development is central to 
shaping the culture we want for Sims. In FY25, employees 
completed more than 110,000 courses through the Sims 
University Learning Centre, covering safety, professional 
development, ethics and inclusive leadership. The 
global Leaders’ Commitment curriculum reinforces 
psychological safety, inclusion and accountability 
as core expectations for managers and supervisors, 
strengthening a culture of integrity, care and high 
performance that reflects the values of Sims.
4 Sims Limited  Sustainability Report 2025

=== Page 7 ===
About Sims Limited
Looking forward with optimism
The year ahead will bring new challenges, market 
volatility, tighter regulatory demands, and the technical 
complexity of decarbonisation. But it will also bring 
opportunities. With the resilience of our people, the 
trust of our shareholders, and the partnerships we have 
built across industries and communities, Sims is well 
positioned to continue creating value for all stakeholders 
while advancing global decarbonisation.
Importantly, in FY26 we will undertake a comprehensive 
review of our decarbonisation plan. While we have made 
strong progress in reducing emissions, Scope 1 emissions 
account for nearly all remaining operational emissions 
and remain harder to abate. By recalibrating our plan, 
we will ensure that capital is directed toward the most 
impactful and strategically aligned initiatives, with a 
focus on tackling these difficult-to-abate sources while 
maintaining momentum toward our long-term ambition.
On behalf of the Board and Executive Leadership Team, 
we thank our employees for their commitment, our 
shareholders for their confidence, and our partners and 
communities for their continued support. Together, we 
are advancing toward a more sustainable, inclusive, and 
circular future.
 
Chairman  Global CEO and 
Managing DirectorSims Limited is a global leader in 
metal recycling and the provision 
of circular solutions for technology. 
Employing more than 4,750 
employees globally, the company 
operates more than 127 Sims 
Metals sites and 20 SLS facilities 
across 13 countries. By supplying 
recycled materials and repurposed 
products, Sims Limited plays a vital 
role in helping increase circularity 
and decarbonisation.  
Alignment to values
At Sims Limited, our purpose –  to create a world 
without waste to preserve our planet – is the 
foundation of our culture and strategy.
Our core values of safety, integrity, respect, 
transparency, excellence and social responsibility 
guide how we operate, treat people and interact 
with the planet. These values underpin our global 
approach to circularity and are embedded in our 
strategy, governance and policies – including 
our sustainability strategy, Code of Conduct and 
human rights commitments.
We seek to align our actions with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), 
in particular:
 ■SDG 8 –  Decent Work and Economic Growth
 ■SDG 12 –  Responsible Consumption 
and Production
 ■SDG 13 – Climate Action
Sims Limited  Sustainability Report 2025 5