=== Page 7 ===
Development return on invested capital (ROIC)1
15%
within the 14-18% target rangeRecurring return on invested capital (ROIC)1
7%
within target range of 6-9%
Gearing
25.2%
within target range of 20-30%Employee engagement
84%
four points above Australian National Norm2
Scope 1 & 2 emissions down
9%
on FY24Energy Bay renewable energy partnership
~25MWp
rooftop solar installed and under construction
Social value creation
$500.3m
since FY243Ranked
4th
Global S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Index for Equity REITs
1Recurring r eturn comprises management income and property NOI (net of amortisation and straight-line rental adjustment) less divisional overheads plus 
revaluation movements. Development return includes realised development gains and profit on sal e of inventories, net of divisional overheads and before 
interest and tax. Recurring and Development returns include Stockland’s equity-accounted share of partnership profits.
2Willis Tower Watson.
3This is a cumulative figure combining FY24 and FY25 social value creation. See page 34 of the Annual Report for more information on our approach to 
social v
alue.
07 Year ended 30 June 2025
Acknowledgment 
of Traditional 
CustodiansContents FY25 highlightsA letter from 
the Chairman 
and CEOHow we 
create valueGovernanceRemuneration 
ReportFinancial report 
for the year ended 
30 June 2025

=== Page 10 ===
A letter from the Chairman and CEO
To deliver sustainable returns, it is 
imper
ative that ESG considerations 
remain at the core of everything 
we do.
Driving sustainable growth
We ar e focused on delivering strong, sustainable returns for 
our investors.
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) discipline is essential 
to achie
ving this outcome. For FY25, our development 
activities generated a ROIC of 15%, within our through-cycle 
target range of 14 to 18%.
The R OIC for our recurring activities (including management 
income and returns from our real estate investments) of 7% 
was within our target range of 6 to 9%, and compares to a 
ROIC of 2% in FY24.
To deliv er sustainable returns, it is also imperative that ESG 
considerations remain at the core of everything that we do.
In FY25, we made significant strides toward achieving our 
sustainability goals thr
ough the delivery of innovative and 
commercially sustainable solutions in the areas of social 
impact, circularity, climate resilience and decarbonisation.
We are on track to meet our near-term target of net zero 
scope 1 and 2 emissions b
y the end of 2025, with the core 
component of our net zero strategy being the delivery of 
large-scale, onsite renewable energy.
In December 2023, we announced our innovative 
par
tnership with distributed energy resources company 
Energy Bay to achieve 100% renewable energy across our 
portfolio and net zero scope 2 emissions.  In FY25, we 
extended this partnership to include large commercial 
Battery Energy Storage Systems that will improve our 
assets' resilience and energy management while also 
generating licence fee income.We also continue to progress efforts  to reduce our scope 3 
emissions, for example by expanding our use of low carbon 
concrete and electric arc furnace steel options across our 
development pipeline and working with our tenants to 
reduce their emissions through initiatives such as energy 
efficiency  upgrades and electrification.
Throughout the year, we also made good progress toward 
our 20
30 target of creating over $1 billion of social value 
by 2030. Since FY24, we have created over $500 million of 
social value, with the most significant con tributions coming 
from our delivery of social infrastructure and education 
facilities across our communities.
These initia tives are practical examples of our ESG strategy 
in action. Further detail on our ESG strategy and its 
implementation is provided throughout this report.
Progressing Board renewal
The Board was pleased to welcome three new Non-
Ex
ecutive Directors to the Stockland Board during FY25.
Robert (Bob) Johnston was appointed to the Board on 
1 October  2024. Bob has over 30 years of experience in 
the property sector including investment, development, 
project management and construction across Australia 
and internationally.
Chris Lawton was appointed to the Board on 1 January 
2025. Chris has over 40 years’ experience in professional 
services, incl
uding 25 years as an audit partner with EY 
during which he focused on the real estate sector.
10 Stockland Annual Report 2025

=== Page 12 ===
How we create value
Our strategy
At Stockland our purpose is to create a better way to live.
This purpose guides us every day, as we continue to put 
the peopl
e we serve at the centre of our decisions, and 
as we help to build and support vibrant communities 
across Australia.
It also informs the four key pillars of the Group strategy 
tha
t we're pursuing – to dynamically reshape the portfolio, 
accelerate delivery in our core business, scale our capital 
partnerships and generate sustainable long-term growth.
Our strategy is designed to leverage and respond to the 
major tr
ends in our operating environment, so we can better 
serve our communities and set Stockland up for future 
success. These trends include:
•Urbanisation and urban renewal
•Growth in the a vailability of long-term institutional capital 
and demand for real-estate
•Acceleration in the adoption of digital and technology 
changing the futur
e of real estate
•Growing momentum on ESG driving demand for 
in
vestments with superior ESG credentials
Using our capital inputs, resources, relationships and this 
str
ategy, we create value by delivering on a range of 
outcomes for our stakeholders.
As we pursue this approach, everything we do will 
con
tinue to be guided by our deep commitment to people 
and community and our core CARE values: Community, 
Accountability, Respect and Excellence (CARE). These 
values foster our innovative and customer-focused culture, 
and set the foundations of how we execute on our strategy 
and bring communities to life.
Across this process we will track and manage our progress 
on deliv
ering value through clear, tangible targets across 
our business.
Our operating model
We r ecently evolved the Stockland operating model to more 
directly support how we create value for our stakeholders, 
and we are now focused on the next stage of our growth 
and end-to-end, enterprise-wide delivery.
Our business is structured around two areas, Development 
and I
nvestment Management, allowing us to create value 
through project origination and development, while also 
growing and managing capital partnerships.Investment Management
Comprises investments and asset management across 
all asse
t classes (with the exception of build-to-rent 
product and land lease communities under development), 
property management, leasing and funds management of 
our expanding capital partnership platform.
Development
End-to-end responsibility for development across all 
Stockland asse
t classes as well as project management 
and sales. By aligning our business in this way, we've created 
a sharper organisational focus and unlocked the value of 
our development pipeline. As a result, this is allowing us to 
build best-in-class capabilities in origination, development 
and investment management - strengthening our value 
creation, enabling positive outcomes for the people and 
communities we serve, and offering  industry-leading career 
opportunities for our people.
Environment, Social and Governance 
(
ESG) approach
Part of supporting our people and communities is our 
commitmen
t to ESG, which helps to inform and drive 
business decisions. We follow an ESG strategy that is 
supported by targets grounded in science and driven 
by possibilities1.
•Net zero scope 1 & 2 in 2025
•Most ma terial scope 3 emissions intensity halved by 2030
•Net zero scope 1, 2 & 3 by 2050
Social value target
•At Stockland, our approach to social value helps us 
to buil
d better communities for Australians to live, 
work, and play in. We define social value creation 
as our in
tentional effort  and investment to deliver 
social, economic and/or environmental benefits for our 
communities and br
oader society.
•Our social value target is over $1 billion of social value 
cr
eation by 2030.
For more information, see page 25.
1Further detail on our ESG strategy is set out in pages 25 to 40 of this Annual Report and our Climate Transition Action Plan which includes our 
decarbonisa
tion pathway and assumptions used to set targets.
12 Stockland Annual Report 2025

=== Page 26 ===
Stockland Lakeside, NSWHow we create value
ESG strategy1 – inspired by a better way to live 
At Stockland we're working to make a positive impact on 
the peopl
e and communities we serve. Our ESG strategy 
is focused on the areas where we can create the most 
impact through the delivery of innovative and commercially 
sustainable solutions at scale.
Underpinning our ESG strategy are four pillars that 
help us in our mission to buil
d vibrant and future-
ready communities:
•Decarbonisation – a pr actical,  1.5 degree aligned pathway 
to net zero emissions
•Circularity – principles to make resources stay 
use
ful, longer
•Social impact – enhancing our social impact by design
•Resilience – adapt and regenerate for 
community r
esilience
 These are supported by the following targets:
•Net zero emissions targets
•Net zero scope 1 & 2 in 2025
•Most material scope 3 emissions intensity halved 
b
y 2030
•Net zero scope 1, 2 & 3 by 2050
•Social value2 target
•Over $1 billion of social value creation by 2030.
Decarbonisation
A practical, 1.5 degree
aligned1 pathway to
zero emissionsCircularity
Principles to make
resources stay
useful, longerSocial impact
Enhancing our social
impact by designResilience
Adapt and regenerate
for community resilience
Net zero targets1
•Net zero scope 1 & 2 in 2025
•Most material scope 3 emissions 
intensity halved by 2030
•Net zero scope 1, 2 & 3 by 2050Social value target
•Over $1.0bn of social 
value creation by 20302
1Roadmap for achieving our ESG targets and the material assumptions, uncertainties and dependencies associated with those targets, are set out in 
Stockland’
s Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) 2023, available on our website.
2We define  social value creation as our intentional effort and investment to deliver social, economic and/or environmental benefits for our communities 
and br
oader society. Stockland's social value target and Social IQ Tool has been informed by global and domestic frameworks. Refer to page 34.
26 Stockland Annual Report 2025

=== Page 28 ===
How we create value
Decarbonisation
Our Climate Transition Action Plan
We know that a critical part of creating positive impact in 
and f
or our communities is finding w ays to address climate 
change risk and to unlock opportunities for long-term 
sustainability. In 2023, we released our Climate Transition 
Action Plan (CTAP) detailing our approach to delivering 
on our purpose by decarbonising our business. Since its 
release we have continued to evolve our approach in 
line with our business growth and the introduction of 
mandatory climate reporting which seeks to incorporate 
transition plans within Annual Reports.
We are focused on how we will enable our business, 
our suppl
y chain, and our tenants and communities to 
move towards net zero greenhouse gas emissions. To 
support this, we have set decarbonisation targets across 
Stockland’s scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions over the short, 
medium and long-term.
•Net zero scope 1 & 2 in 2025 
•Most material scope 3 emissions intensity halved 
b
y 2030 
•Net zero scope 1, 2 & 3 by 20501
In FY25 we focused on leveraging Stockland’s capability 
and 
market innovation to realise both commercial benefits  
and emissions reductions that will support the long-term 
sustainabl
e growth of our business as well as the creation 
of more resilient and lower carbon communities.We incorporate ESG objectives into our remuneration 
scor
ecard including delivery of our decarbonisation targets. 
Progress against these objectives is tracked by the 
Stockland Leadership Team and Board on a routine basis.
FY25 performance
Scope 1 & 2 emissions (location-based)
•Total Scope 1: 2,155tCO2-e (up 13%)
•Total Scope 2: 32,121tCO2-e (down 11%)
•Total Scope 1 & 2 emissions: 34 ,276tCO2-e ( down 9%)
Emissions intensity - Scope 1 & 2 (location-based)
•Workplace: 38.37tCO2-e/m2 (72% reduction 
since 2006
)
Town Centres: 31.24tCO2-e/m2 (65% reduction 
since 2006
)
NABERS Energy Portfolio Average Ratings
•Town Centres: 4.7 Stars
•Workplace: 5.1 Stars
Stockland Amberton Beach, WA
1Roadmap for achieving our ESG targets and the material assumptions, uncertainties and dependencies associated with those targets, are set out in 
Stockland'
s Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) 2023, available on our website.
28 Stockland Annual Report 2025