=== Page 4 ===
At Smartgroup, sustainability 
is not simply a goal but a 
fundamental principle that 
drives every aspect of our 
organisation. 
Since we adopted our Smarter, More 
Sustainable Tomorrow Sustainability 
Strategy in 2022, we have worked hard to 
ensure that we continue to deliver positive 
sustainable outcomes across our business 
for our employer clients, our customers, 
our investors and our people. 
We are proud to share the progress we 
have made throughout our second full 
year of implementation of our strategy.
Providing financial flexibility 
for Australians
The rising costs of living have wide-ranging 
implications for Australians. At Smartgroup, 
we are uniquely positioned to help alleviate 
these pressures through our salary packaging 
and novated leasing services. This year, we 
helped more than 445,000 customers increase 
their take-home pay and 10,855 customers 
lease a new electric or hybrid vehicle, enabling 
households to both maximise their income and 
reduce their impact on the environment. To make it easier for our clients and their 
employees to unlock these benefits and be 
part of the transition to a low-emissions future, 
we began a new partnership with digital energy 
management company, Intellihub, helping 
deliver affordable subscription access to solar 
battery and electric vehicle solutions to our 
customers. We also continued to enhance 
our digital offerings focused on improving the 
accessibility of our products to customers, 
including through the launch of our new 
smart.com.au website, our enhanced novated 
leasing hub and the release of multi-language 
chat, offering our customers chat services in 
100 languages. We will continue exploring new 
smart solutions to support Australians as part 
of our digital transformation journey. 
Expanding our social impact 
In 2024, we invested nearly $250,000 in local 
communities by donating to 21 charitable 
initiatives spanning financial education, support 
for marginalised communities and climate 
change solutions. We adopted our first Human 
Rights and Modern Slavery Roadmap and 
released our third Modern Slavery Statement, 
reinforcing our unwavering commitment to 
preventing modern slavery and safeguarding 
human rights in our business and supply chain. 
We also achieved a number of key targets 
across our Human Rights and Modern Slavery 
agenda, including refreshed and enhanced 
scanning for modern slavery and environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) risks across our 
supply chain. Welcome to our  
2024 Sustainability Report
Scott Wharton   Managing Director and CEO
2024 Highlights About this report Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance About us Welcome
Welcome
4 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 5 ===
We strive to make EVs an attractive and 
affordable option for our clients and customers. 
In addition to making the transition simple 
and cost effective, we are also providing 
solutions to enhance the full EV ecosystem, 
including access to green energy and 
charging technology.
We continue to support our customers with 
internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles, 
which make up a significant portion of cars 
leased, to make informed choices to sustainably 
manage and use their vehicles. We also support 
all our novated lease and fleet vehicle drivers 
with our Carbon Offset Program, which we have 
been running since 2008, helping our customers 
to invest in restoration projects and offsetting 
more than 887,000 tonnes of carbon emissions 
generated by their vehicles. In 2024, we again 
distributed over $1.5 million from the program 
into important projects across Australia.
Empowering our people to 
drive change
We are proud of our diverse and inclusive 
culture. Despite internal changes this past year, 
including the roll-out of a new operating model 
and growing the team, we have maintained our 
40/40/20 gender diversity targets across the 
organisation. We also introduced a Diversity 
Council and enhanced our approach to 
Employee Network Groups, with new groups 
established to align with our Diversity Pillars of 
Gender, Pride, Accessibility and First Nations.Advancing our reporting approach
We have continued to mature our approach 
towards sustainability reporting, achieving 
year-on-year progress in line with best practices. 
This is our second report in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
We continue to grow our understanding of our 
climate risks and to work towards alignment 
with the new mandatory climate reporting 
requirements outlined in the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS), 
developed by the Australian Accounting 
Standards Board (AASB). Our goal now is 
to align all our reporting with AASB climate 
disclosure requirements (AASB S2) by 2026. 
We are confident this clear, transparent 
approach will enable more people to engage 
with our commitments, actions and outcomes 
in the years ahead.
You can also find the full results of our progress 
on climate disclosures on page 32 in our 
Annual Report. Looking forward
As Australia continues its energy transition 
journey and tackles rising living costs, we 
will be working even more closely with the 
organisations who provide critical services 
to our communities and helping them to 
support their employees. We will also be 
strengthening our efforts in supporting our 
customers to transition to a more sustainable 
lifestyle, and tackling cost of living pressures 
through targeted products and partnerships. 
While we are proud of the progress we have 
made, the transition towards A Smarter, 
More-Sustainable Tomorrow is ongoing, 
and we recognise there is more we can do. 
Next year, we will begin re-assessing and 
evolving our sustainability strategy. This will 
be an exciting opportunity to set the stage for 
the next part of our journey.
2024 Highlights About this report Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance About us Welcome
Welcome
5 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 6 ===
Progress across our  
sustainability strategy
• Scope 1 emissions decreased by 
15% while Scope 2 emissions fell 
by 43%.
• Our Scope 3 emissions profile 
increased in 2024 as a direct 
result of business growth. 
• Completed a qualitative climate 
scenario analysis risk assessment.
• Applied our Social Impact 
Framework to improve 
the direction and outcome 
of our sponsorship and 
community activities.
• Donated nearly $250,000 
in grants through the 
Smartgroup Foundation.
• Established sponsorships 
with Clontarf Foundation and 
Athletics South Australia.
• Completed modern slavery 
risk assessments for Tier 1 
and Tier 2 suppliers.
• Developed and endorsed a 
Human Rights and Modern 
Slavery Roadmap.Smart Business Smart Solutions Smart Customers
• Extended our carbon 
offset program with over 
$1.5 million in funds donated 
to reforestation projects 
across Australia in 2024.
• 44% of our new novated lease 
vehicle orders for 2024 were EVs.
• Entered into a partnership with 
Intellihub to provide more energy-
saving solutions to customers.
• Supported our novated lease 
customers to make sustainable 
decisions with environmental 
and safety ratings on vehicle 
quotes and with sustainable 
driving information.
• Launched a single brand “Smart” 
with improved accessibility 
functionality and new digital 
platforms to lift service levels 
for customers.• Enhanced Smartrewards by 
offering even more savings 
from Australian brands.
• Launched an exciting frequent-
flyer agreement with Qantas 
providing frequent-flyer rewards 
offerings to our customers.
• Established a new agreement 
with the Commonwealth Bank 
providing more investment 
options to customers.
• Offered new charging 
solutions for fleet clients via 
our partnership with NHP.Our People Make This Possible
• Recognised as an Employer 
of Choice for Gender Equality 
citation again for 2023-2025.
• 40/40/20 gender targets 
maintained at all levels of 
the business.
• Established Smart Diversity 
Council standing up new 
Employee Network Groups 
aligned with our Diversity Pillars.
• Established an Accessibility 
Employee Network Group, 
taking up silver membership 
with the Australian Disability 
Network (ADN) and participating 
in the ADN’s Accessibility and 
Inclusion Index.
• Innovate Reconciliation Action 
Plan (RAP) in implementation 
phase with key achievements 
in 2024 including the 
adoption of our First Nations 
Employment Program.
• Launched Respect@Work  
and a Work Health and Safety 
Action Plan.445,000+
↑31%
Smartleasing – ↑25% SmartsalaryWebsite traffic increaseCost of living
customers across Australia use our 
services to reduce their taxes and 
maximise their take-home pay.
Welcome About this report Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance About us 2024 Highlights
2024 Highlights
6 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 7 ===
This report details our sustainability 
performance as Smartgroup 
Corporation Ltd (Smartgroup) for the 
year 1 January to 31 December 2024. 
The report covers all our activities 
and is compiled in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards for this period. 
We are an ASX-listed public company with 
operations across Australia, and our head 
office is located at Level 8, 133 Castlereagh 
Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000. 
Our sustainability reporting is annual and 
aligned with our financial reporting period. 
There have been no restatements of 
information during this reporting period. 
Our reported greenhouse gas emissions 
have been prepared by a third-party impact 
consultancy, however, our sustainability 
reporting has not been externally audited. 
Our Annual Report, including the 
Remuneration Report, is externally 
audited by KPMG.
2024 Highlights Welcome Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance About us About this report
About this report
7 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 9 ===
How we deliver to 
our customers
The sectors we work in Key areas Benefits Outcomes
Not-for-profit
Healthcare
Government
Education
Small businesses
CorporateAlleviate cost-of-living pressures: Employees can pay 
for certain expenses from their pre-tax income, such as 
rent and mortgage costs, superannuation contributions 
and work-related equipment, effectively lowering their 
taxable income and increasing their take home-pay.
Attraction and retention: Employers can enhance their 
remuneration packages, making them more attractive to 
potential employees and helping retain existing staff.
Cost savings on vehicle purchases: Employees 
benefit from savings related to the purchase and 
running costs of a vehicle through pre-tax payments.
Affordable access to vehicles: A novated lease 
helps customers purchase the vehicle they need 
in a tax and budget effective way. Customers can 
pay for an EV from their pre-tax income, fully exempt 
from FBT.
Enhanced fleet efficiency: Customisable fleet-
management solutions that save time and money 
for businesses, while improving driver safety.
Operational flexibility: Businesses can adapt 
fleet services to meet specific operational needs, 
enhancing overall productivity.Comprehensive salary 
packaging programs 
tailored to clients’ needs.
Administrative support 
that reduces the burden 
on internal HR teams, 
allowing them to focus 
on core activities.
Access to competitive 
vehicle pricing, complete 
vehicle-management 
services and an extensive 
repairer network.
Faster uptake of EVs 
across the country 
reducing transport-linked 
emissions.
Fleet-management 
services that provide 
real-time tracking, 
maintenance scheduling, 
and cost analysis.
Consulting services to 
optimise fleet use and 
reduce operational costs.Fleet 
management
Salary 
packaging
Novated 
leasing
2024 Highlights Welcome About this report Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance About us
About us
9 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 12 ===
Our approach  
to sustainability
In 2022, we conducted a materiality 
assessment to identify key ESG 
priorities to inform our strategy. This 
included a peer and context review 
of industry trends, a stakeholder 
survey with 174 participants (covering 
clients, suppliers, industry bodies 
and employees) and workshops to 
refine our material topics. 
Full details of our findings can be found in 
our 2024 Sustainability Report data book. 
In the coming year, we plan to review and 
evolve our sustainability strategy in light of 
internal business changes, new partnerships, 
and the changing national and global context. Our current material topics are: 
 Energy and emissions
 T ransparency, accountability and reporting
 Ethics and integrity
 Enabling client and customer sustainability
 Innovation and technology
 Client and customer education
 Community investment
 Human rights and modern slavery
 Sustainable and ethical procurement
 Diversity, equity and inclusion
 Employee engagement and development
 Employee health, safety and wellbeing
 Engagement with Aboriginal and T orres 
Strait Islander peoples
2024 Highlights Welcome About this report Sustainability Governance About us Sustainability Strategy
Sustainability Strategy
12 
Smartgroup    Sustainability Report 2024