=== Page 4 ===
S
uperloop Financial  Report  – 30 June  2025  Superloop Limited and controlled entities  | Page 2 of 99 
Directors’ Report . 
The Directors present their report on the consolidated entity 
(referred to hereafter as ‘Superloop’ or ‘the Group’) consisting of Superloop Limited and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2025.  
DIRECTORS  
The following persons have been Directors or appointed as Directors, during the period since 1 July 202 4 and up to the 
date of this report:  
• Peter O’Connell
• Richard (Tony) Clark
• Vivian Stewart
• Alexander (Drew) Kelton
• Paul Tyler
• Helen Livesey
• Gareth Turner
E
ffective 1 September 2025, Alexandra Crammond  has been  
appointed as independent non- executive director  to the 
Superloop board . 
ABOUT SUPERLOOP  
Founded in 2014, and listed on the ASX since 2015, 
Superloop’s purpose is to unleash the unlimited possibilities of 
the internet .  We enable challenger retail brands (including 
Superloop and Exetel) to take a larger share of the market, leveraging Superloop’s Infrastructure -on-Demand platform. 
We provide connectivity and services to customers in three segments of the market: consumer,  business and wholesale. 
Our offerings leverage Superloop’s investments in physical 
infrastructure assets that include fibre,  subsea cables, and 
fixed wireless, as well as Superloop’s software platforms . 
Hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses rely on 
Superloop and Exetel every day for their connectivity needs.  
PURPOSE AND VISION  
The Superloop mission is to deliver a better internet experience for all Australians in their homes and businesses. With a stated goal to enable challenger internet brands (both traditional and non -traditional) to greater than 30% market 
share, we’re confident that by leveraging our secure 
Infrastructure -on-Demand platform we can refresh the internet 
experience for residential, business, and wholesale customers 
and deliver superior capital returns to our investors.  
STRATEGY  
At 30 June 2025, Superloop is two years into its 3 -year ‘Double 
Down’ strategy, which has a stated ambition of doubling the size of the business by the end of FY26  through both organic 
and inorganic growth . Substantial progress has been made, with FY25 including a strong positive cash flow result and the 
delivery of a positive Ne t Profit After Tax. Furthermore, we 
continue to make progress on our goals of doubling FY23 
revenue and expanding profit margins,  with both tracking 
ahead of plan despite the limited role inorganic growth has 
played during the ‘Double Down’ strategy period to date.  
With an emphasis on delivering an exceptional custome r 
experience, our ambition is to maintain our cost leadership 
position, deepen and broaden our market penetration 
through portfolio richness,  and continue to accelerate 
growth organically and via M&A.  
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS 
Reflecting the aspirations of our shareholders, cust omers and 
employees, maintaining high standards of environmental and 
social responsibility ar e key company objectives. Superloop 
also recognises the criticality of ethical business  practices, and 
the role strong governance plays in driving sustained long-
term returns.  
Our sustainability objectives 
Environmental 
Responsibility  We are committed to reducing  
our carbon emissions, improving 
energy efficiency, and  
embracing responsible waste 
management practices  
Social Impact  Our relationships with stakeholders 
and the communities we operate in drive our initiatives, including promoting diversity, ensuring  fair labour practices, and fostering digital inclusion  
Governance 
Excellence  Our robust internal practices 
ensure effective decision -making, 
compliance, and accountability, 
promoting long -term  
sustainable growth  
O
ur overarching goal is to create sustainable value for all 
stakeholders. By proactively focussing on environmental, social 
and governance objectives , we believe we can safeguard our 
company's long -term success, reduce risks, and drive positive 
outcomes.

=== Page 10 ===
Superloop Financial  Report  – 30 June  2025  Superloop Limited and controlled entities  | Page 8 of 99 
 
Material  Business Risk  Overview  
 potential. This includes via a range of measures including:  
• Succession planning;  
• Employee rewards and benefits; and  
• Salary benchmarking.  
The safety and wellbeing of our people will always be a number one priority at Superloop. We 
continue to improve and develop our workplace health and safety (WHS) management system to keep our people safe and ensure we meet our legal and regulatory require ments.  
Regulation and 
Compliance  Superloop operates in an increasingly complex regulatory environment including in ‘non -
traditional’ areas including governance of pricing, products, payments, customer experience, privacy and data protection.  
This risk is mitigated by actively monitoring the evolving regulatory landscape and defending 
Superloop’s and our customers’ interests, including through memberships to key industry 
groups, utilising compliance and regulatory software and related initiativ es. 
Macroeconomic 
conditions  A lack of business confidence in the economy and cost of living pressures may delay,  or reduce 
current and future customer spend. Reduced spending may result in Superloop not meeting financial targets and earnings guidance. This in turn may result in reputational damage and 
downward pressure on Superloop’s share price.   
We continue to monitor the economic landscape and periodically review customer offerings in the context of the market and customer needs.  
Environmental, Social 
and Governance  
 The failure to meet ever -increasing social and community expectations as to responsible 
corporate conduct is a risk for many companies, particularly environmental, social, and corporate 
governance (ESG) risks. Recognising that stakeholders are seeking to e valuate company 
performance across a range of areas, Superloop is mitigating this risk by enhancing its activity and disclosures on non- financial, environmental and social sustainability matters. This includes:  
• Governance  
o Assigning ESG responsibility to the Board, Risk and Compliance and Audit Committee Charter;   
o Establishment of an enterprise -wide Sustainability Council with cross -functional members 
to lead sustainability initiatives and monitor ESG progress.  
• Environment  
o A commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by minimizing environmental impact and promoting sustainable practices, including selecting partners that we work with who are committed to a net- zero future;  
o Upgrading core network routers to more efficient models, adopted circular economy principles, and transitioned to 100% compostable CPE satchels.  
• Community Engagement  
o Supporting programs like the Low Income and Digital Inclusion Forum and the School Student Broadband Initiative;  
o Community investments include sponsoring the Humpty Dumpty Foundation and supporting underprivileged students in Sri Lanka through partnerships with The Avinya Foundation;  
o As a member of the Telco. Together Foundation, participation in a range of initiatives including:  
 Promoting women in STEM; and  
 Action plans to address domestic and family violence, including technology facilitated abuse.