=== Page 20 ===
20   Silk Logistics Holdings Annual Report 2024   
 The Silk ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) framework 
has been developed with guidance from Silk’s Sustainability 
Committee. We remain committed to sustainability and 
responsible business practices, and we are pleased to share 
our FY24 progress and achievements in each ESG pillar.
As a leading logistics provider across Australia, we recognise 
the role we play in being a responsible part of global supply 
chains. Silk’s long-term success will be driven by our ability to 
adapt to an ever-evolving world while ensuring we deliver on 
our commitments to our customers, employees, community 
and shareholders. 
We are committed to making positive contributions 
towards a more sustainable future and are pleased with 
the advancements made throughout FY24 towards our ESG 
initiatives. 
As we progress our ESG road map, we aim to implement 
innovative practices and technologies to reduce our energy 
consumption, waste generation, and carbon emissions. 
A core focus of Silk's environmental initiatives throughout 
FY24 has centred around Transport Fuels, as it is our largest 
emission and has an extended lead time.ESG Summary
The Kenwick site will join a small group of only ~15 organisations 
within Australia who have achieved this certificate.
The site includes :
• A 200kW onsite solar photovoltaic solar system with a 100% 
GreenPower® contract for energy that is pulled from the grid. 
• A high-performance building façade with efficient heating, 
cooling, and ventilation. The ventilation is controlled using 
carbon dioxide sensors, and high-efficiency LED lighting is used 
throughout the building incorporating timers, photo-sensors, 
and motion sensors. 
• Low water use fixtures and waterless urinals, with rainwater 
collected from the office roof and reused for irrigation. 
• An Energy Management System (EMS) has been installed, and  
EV charging stations are available.
• Responsibly sourced materials selected for the building include 
products contain sustainable content, and that are low-VOC 
(Volatile Organic Compounds). 
• As part of our sustainability strategy, the building has also made 
additional commitments including Green Cleaning, Grounds 
keeping, and Purchasing and Procurement in line with Green Star 
Performance requirements. 
• An adjoining 5,000m2 container yard, situated next to rail and 
connected to the Fremantle Port thereby improving future 
carbon emission through the reduction of heavy vehicle 
movements via road. 
• The warehouse will run a fleet of new Adaptalift Lithium-Ion 
battery forklifts, that will be opportunity-charged throughout the 
day using the energy generated from the building’s solar system. 
We are proud of this major step forward in sustainability consistent 
with our ongoing commitment to environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) initiatives and excited to be recognised for our 
efforts. We believe that this facility and its green credentials sets us 
apart in our industry and makes us a strong candidate for a Mercury 
Sustainability award.OUR NEW GREEN WAREHOUSE IN KENWICK
Kenwick 2, our new flagship 32,000 pallet Warehouse/Port Logistics 
site in Perth, achieved a 6-star Green Star rating in August 2024, 
showcasing a range of sustainability initiatives including a 200kW 
onsite solar PV system, efficient building systems, water conservation 
measures, and EV charging stations.

=== Page 21 ===
Silk Logistics Holdings Annual Report 2024   21
 
 Employee engagement is critical for Silk to ensure alignment with our 
long-term sustainability goals.
As part of our overall ESG framework we have established a dedicated 
working group focused on reducing environmental emissions and 
promoting awareness of our ESG program across all business segments. 
This group incorporates staff members from varying operations and 
experience to ensure we establish engagement and willingness to 
actively support and generate positive contributions across all sites.
Other activities included:
Silk Logistics Holdings Annual Report 2024   21Progressed engagement with alternative 
fuel providers to explore hydrogen and 
electric trials for transport fuels 
Invested in additional trailers to improve travel 
efficiency and reduce emissions, including the 
investment in further high productivity trailers;Undertaken modelling of total cost 
of ownership of alternate fuels
Rolled out lithium battery fleet & Material 
Handling Equipment (MHE) in our warehouses 
across (insert state locations)
Successfully installed 400 megawatts 
solar panels at four sites across NSW 
and QLD.“We are committed to making positive 
contributions towards a more sustainable future 
and are pleased with the advancements made 
throughout FY24 towards our ESG initiatives.”
Over the next five years, we are building upon our 
ESG roadmap, with defined targets aimed at further 
reducing our environmental impact and enhancing 
governance practices. We continue to enhance our 
operating model to be more dynamic and agile.