=== Page 2 ===
STANMORE RESOURCES LIMITED  
ACN 131 920 968
Contents
1. ABOUT THIS REPORT  1
1.1 Reporting Scope and Boundary  2
1.2 Reporting Framework  3
1.3 External Assurance 3
2. INTRODUCTION 4
2.1  A Message from the  
Chief Executive Officer  4
2.2 Highlights 6
3. OUR BUSINESS AND PERFORMANCE 8
3.1 Our Business 8
3.2 Our Operations 11
3.3 Operational Changes 14
3.4 Our Value Chain 15
3.5 Financial and Operational Performance 15
4. OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY  16
4.1  A Message from the Chair  
of the Sustainability Committee 16
4.2 Sustainability Committee 18
4.3 Key Sustainability Milestones in 2024 19
4.4 Our Material Topics 20
4.5 Stanmore NextGen 22
5. PEOPLE 24
5.1 Health, Safety and Wellbeing 26
5.2 Employment Practices 34
5.3  Workforce Development,  
Retention and Inclusion 366. COMMUNITY  40
6.1 Local Communities 42
6.2 Land and Resource Rights 48
6.3 Economic Benefits 51
7. CLIMATE 54
7.1  Governance 56
7.2 Strategy  57
7.3  Risk Management 66
7.4 Metrics and Targets — 
 Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 67
8. ENVIRONMENT  70
8.1  Environmental Management  
and Compliance 72
8.2 Water  73
8.3 Sustainable Land Use and Biodiversity  75
8.4 Rehabilitation and Mine Closure 78
8.5 Waste 79
8.6 Air Quality and Noise 81
9. GOVERNANCE 82
9.1 Board Details 84
9.2 Corporate Governance Framework  86
9.3 Anti-Corruption and Bribery  87
9.4 Modern Slavery  89
9.5 Compliance with Laws  
 and Regulations 89
10. APPENDICES 91
Appendix 1: GRI Content Index 91
Appendix 2: Glossary of Terms 103
CORPORATE DIRECTORY  104

=== Page 5 ===
1.  About  
This Report7. Climate
2. Introduction 8.  Environment3.  Our Business and 
Performance9. Governance
4.     Our Approach  
to Sustainability10. Appendices5. People
6. Community
3
Stanmore  |  Sustainability Report 20241.2  Reporting  
Framework1.3  External  
Assurance
This Report references the GRI 12: Coal Sector 
Standard 2022, which provides a structured 
approach to data collection, analysis,  
and reporting to ensure consistency and 
comparability with previous reports.  
We continue to use the GRI framework to 
guide our methodology for assessing key 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) 
issues that are critical to stakeholder 
decision-making and our long-term business 
sustainability goals.  
Additionally, we have advanced our efforts to align our 
sustainability reporting with evolving global and Australian 
standards and requirements. Specifically, we are aligning 
with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ASRS), which were legislated in September 2024 and 
developed in consideration of the International Financial 
Reporting Standards’ (IFRS) first two Sustainability 
Disclosure Standards (IFRS S1 and S2), released by the 
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) in  
June 2023. 
Our material topics and objectives remain consistent with 
those used in the 2023 Report. For a complete list of 
disclosures included in this Report, refer to Appendix 1 
— GRI Content Index.
We have made reference in this Report to our climate risk 
management processes, aligned with the 
recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), now assumed by the ISSB 
and subsequently the ASRS as stated above.The Company has obtained independent assurance on its 
FY24 energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions 
data for the purpose of NGER reporting. This data has been 
disclosed in Section 7.4 of this Report. We have not sought 
further external assurance associated with other 
disclosures. Contact information for any queries in relation 
to this Report:
Stanmore Resources Limited  
(ACN 131 920 968) 
Corporate Office Address 
Level 32, 12 Creek Street  
Brisbane QLD 4000 Australia 
 
Postal Address
GPO Box 2602  
Brisbane QLD 4001 Australia 
 
Telephone +61 (7) 3238 1000 
Website  www.stanmore.au
Email  info@stanmore.net.au 
ASX Code  ASX: SMR
Share Registry  MUFG Corporate Markets
 
This Report is authorised for release to  
the market by the Board of Directors of  
Stanmore Resources Limited.

=== Page 6 ===
Introduction 2.2. Introduction
4
Stanmore  |  Sustainability Report 20242024 has been another pivotal year in the 
evolution of Stanmore’s sustainability journey, 
as we strengthened our processes and 
developed our resources responsibly.
I am pleased to provide our valued stakeholders this report 
which outlines how sustainability is central to our 
operations, and how we are dedicated to enhancing our 
practices to create a lasting positive impact for the 
communities and environment in which we operate.
Maintaining the momentum of previous years, in 2024  
we have again made significant progress with delivering on 
commitments outlined in our Sustainability Roadmap. 
During the past 12 months, we have adapted to the 
evolving regulatory landscape, strengthened our 
engagement with key stakeholders, and reinforced our 
focus on environmental stewardship, social responsibility 
and strong governance. These efforts are not just about 
compliance, they reflect our deep commitment to creating 
long-term value for our workforce, shareholders, 
customers, and the communities in which we operate.
Our operational and financial achievements during the past 
12 months have been aided by the integration of 
sustainability into all aspects of our business. This has 
significantly contributed to organisational efficiency, 
resilience and business success.Our people and the communities in which we operate 
remain integral to our purpose. Over the past year we have 
enhanced our Social Performance Framework by 
formalising key standards and procedures that guide our 
investments and engagement with local communities, 
stakeholders and First Nations peoples. Complementing 
this, we have developed a comprehensive Community and 
Stakeholder Engagement Plan to enhance transparency 
and collaboration and further solidified our approach to 
meaningful and lasting community partnerships.
Our commitment to social investment in the communities 
in which we operate has resulted in an 84% increase in 
community grants, higher spending with local and 
First Nations vendors, and expanded health and safety 
initiatives, including enhanced psychosocial risk 
management and proactive workforce wellbeing programs. 
We also announced that our Gas to Electricity Project at 
South Walker Creek will be the first project to be funded 
through the Queensland Government’s $520 million  
Low Emissions Investment Partnerships (LEIP) program. 
The project will generate electricity from gas that would 
otherwise be released as fugitive emissions as part of 
future mining operations. Our teams are finalising details to 
bring the project to a final investment decision during 2025. 
Responsible land management is critical to the way we run 
our business, and we take all reasonable measures to 
minimise our impact. In 2024, we strengthened our land 
disturbance processes and reassessed our designated 
biodiversity-managed areas through offset property 
reviews, adding new sites to meet our project obligations.  
We now actively manage 9,000 hectares of natural habitat 
reserves, supporting Australian flora and fauna. 2.1  A Message from the  
Chief Executive Officer

=== Page 11 ===
9
Stanmore  |  Sustainability Report 20241.  About  
This Report7. Climate
2. Introduction 8.  Environment3.  Our Business and 
Performance9. Governance
4.     Our Approach  
to Sustainability10. Appendices5. People
6. Community
Our Mission
Genuine care for our people, their safety,  
the environment and the stakeholders involved  
with our operations.
Achieve sustainable development by:
• having high standards and a strong safety and 
health culture
• responsibly managing and maximising extraction  
of our resources and reserves via best-in-class 
mining practices
• ensuring the continuity of our business by  
fostering and developing growth and reserve 
replacement initiatives
• developing projects in the renewable energy space 
to support our existing businesses reducing our 
carbon and emissions footprint.
Building and fostering a culture of an agile, 
entrepreneurial and simple organisation.
Focusing on continuous improvement and  
operational excellence.
The metallurgical coals that we 
produce are predominately used 
in the manufacturing of steel.

=== Page 12 ===
3.Our Business  
and Performance10
Stanmore  |  Sustainability Report 2024Product Mix and Customer Base
Stanmore maintains a diversiﬁed customer base in traditional and emerging markets
Customer Mix (2024, by tonnes) Product Mix (2024, by revenue)
Pulverised Coal for Injection3%
34% 63%
Thermal Coal
Coking Coal
23%
24%
40%
6%
7%
Europe India Southeast
AsiaOtherJapan
Korea
TaiwanThe Importance of Steel in the Transition  
to a Lower-Carbon Economy
Metallurgical coal remains a fundamental component  
of the global economy, playing a vital role in 
underpinning economic activity for many years to come. 
The growing demand for steel, driven by urbanisation 
and growth in developing economies, particularly in 
India, Southeast Asia, and China, continues to drive the 
need for high-quality metallurgical coal. 
Steel is integral to the modern economy, serving as a 
foundation for transport, construction, and energy 
infrastructure, including renewable energy developments.  
It is a key material in wind turbines, solar farms, and electric 
vehicles, highlighting its role in enabling a lower-carbon 
future. Steel offers a unique combination of strength, 
durability, versatility and sustainability. It is 100% recyclable, 
and its strength and durability minimise the environmental 
impact by reducing the quantity of other materials required 
for construction, as well as the need for frequent 
maintenance and repairs. 
2  Source: Resources and Energy Quarterly; Department of Industry, Science and Resources (September 2024).Metallurgical coal is a critical component of blast furnace 
steelmaking. While the steel industry continues to develop  
lower-emission alternatives, metallurgical coal will be 
required in the long term until genuine, cost-effective, and 
scalable alternatives can fully replace conventional 
integrated blast furnace capacity and production volumes.
Global metallurgical coal export volumes are forecast to 
increase by approximately 6% between 2023 and 2026, 
driven largely by increased supply from Australia. Australian 
metallurgical coal exports alone are expected to rise by 15% 
over this period, reinforcing the country’s position as the 
world’s largest exporter of metallurgical coal. 
In 2024, Australia accounted for approximately 48% of 
global exports2, supplying the high-quality metallurgical 
coal that remains essential to steelmakers across Asia and 
beyond. Australia’s proximity to key Asian steelmaking 
markets, coupled with its high-quality metallurgical coal, 
ensures its continued role in supporting steel production 
and economic development.

=== Page 18 ===
Our Approach  
to Sustainability 4.16
Stanmore  |  Sustainability Report 2024This year our sustainability journey  
further matured, as we adapted to  
changing regulatory demands while 
continuing to deliver tangible value to  
our workforce, shareholders, customers  
and local communities.   
On behalf of the Sustainability Committee, I am pleased  
to share an overview of Stanmore’s progress as we 
continue advancing the commitments outlined in our 
Sustainability Roadmap. 
In 2024, as in previous years, we focused on continuous 
improvement, enhancing sustainability and ESG metrics 
and outcomes, addressing climate and environmental risks, 
and maintaining strong financial performance. As a result, 
we are proud to report that we remain on track with the 
deliverables in the Roadmap. 
Our initiatives this year have been driven by a proactive 
approach to risk management and responsible resource 
use, ensuring that our operations deliver lasting benefits to 
the communities in which we operate, and minimising our 
impact on the environment. 
Against the backdrop of an evolving landscape of 
sustainability practices and disclosures across the industry 
and our ongoing commitment to aligning with best 
practice, our material topics remain unchanged from the 
prior year, though subject to ongoing review to reflect 
emerging issues. This has allowed us to reinforce our  
long-term focus on our themes of People, Community, 
Climate, Environment, and Governance. 
In 2024, regulatory and reporting expectations evolved, 
and we have made significant progress in developing  
climate metrics and processes to align with the Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS). Additionally,  
we have commenced data collection processes in 
preparation for future Scope 3 reporting, recognising the 
importance of understanding and addressing our full 
value chain emissions. Another key area of focus throughout the year has been  
our preparation for future Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures (TNFD) reporting. We have 
commenced preparation for relevant data collection and 
future reporting, as well as conducting an initial double-
materiality assessment. In simple terms, this means we are 
required to assess both how nature impacts Stanmore's 
financial performance, and how we impact nature. This 
approach is helping evolve our thinking and underscores 
our commitment to a holistic understanding of 
environmental impact. 
Other key highlights of 2024 include: 
• Further development of our Environmental Management 
System (EMS), with the approval of our Environment 
Policy and updates to supporting documents. 
• Progression of our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) 
commitments and initiation of preparations for our next 
RAP, set for submission in 2025. 
• A review of our five-year Sustainability Roadmap  
to ensure alignment with our long-term vision and 
stakeholder expectations. 
• Advancing the development of our Social Performance 
Framework, including a comprehensive five-year 
roadmap, standards and site procedures.  
• Refinement of our ESG data collection to improve  
the accuracy, consistency and efficiency of our 
sustainability reporting. 
We have made progress on our Decarbonisation Plan,  
with key projects identified and advancements towards 
investment decisions. These initiatives reflect our 
unwavering commitment to reducing our operational 
carbon footprint and transitioning towards a more 
sustainable operational model. 4.1  A Message from the Chair of the 
Sustainability Committee