=== Table 1 (page 4) ===
,
"""Sustainability is embedded in our","New Hope is committed to community engagement,"
,actively participating in local initiatives and addressing key
purpose to create lasting value for,issues such as wellbeing and unemployment. It also prioritises
,"the repatriation of land, restoring areas affected by their"
"our shareholders, employees and",
,"operations to their natural state. Additionally, New Hope"
"the communities we serve.""","invests in emission-reducing technologies, aiming to reduce"
,its carbon footprint and enhance operational efficiency.
"Dear Shareholders,",
,Our investment in Ampcontrol is an example of how we
"We are pleased to present our 2024 Sustainability Report,",are supporting industries to deliver on their decarbonisation
which showcases our commitment to long-term value,goals. More information on how Ampcontrol is supporting
creation. We believe sustainability encompasses the financial,the energy transition is detailed in this report.
"and non-financial factors that drive enduring value. As such,",
,In an increasingly complex and rapidly changing investment
sustainability is embedded in our purpose to create lasting,
,"landscape, our commitment to an unconstrained investment"
"value for our shareholders, employees and the communities",
,approach remains steadfast. This strategy allows us the
we serve. It is core to our investment philosophy that for,
,"flexibility to uncover hidden value, regardless of market"
"120 years has focused on enhancing businesses, generating",
,"fluctuations, ensuring we stay agile and responsive to"
employment and investing in communities to foster,
,emerging opportunities.
intergenerational value.,
This report highlights our approach to sustainability within our,
,Direct operations
direct operations and profiles the sustainable initiatives of our,
,Our approach to sustainability in our direct operations aligns
three controlled subsidiaries:,
,with our purpose of generating enduring success for our
"•
Ampcontrol: Leading industry decarbonisation by","shareholders, employees and the community. In this report"
developing and manufacturing innovative energy,we highlight some of the ways we prioritise sustainability
solutions at scale.,"factors such as strong governance, a talented and"
,"motivated workforce, community partnerships and"
"•
Agriculture portfolio: At the forefront of innovation,",
,responsible environmental management.
implementing farm practices that advance sustainable,
food production in an industry where Australia has a,
,Regulatory reporting
global competitive advantage.,
,We are preparing to meet current and upcoming climate
"•
Aquatic Achievers Group: Enriching communities by",
,and sustainability-related reporting requirements by
"delivering an average of 50,000 swimming lessons weekly",
,"strengthening our governance, risk models, and internal"
"across 29 locations, providing vital water safety for",
,and external resources. Our ability to adapt to the evolving
Australia's growing population.,
,regulatory environment and stakeholder expectations is
,key to sustaining our competitive edge and delivering
Energy transition,
,long-term value.
At the heart of our investment philosophy is a culture-driven,
"approach, where strong governance and leadership are",This report provides further information about work underway
paramount. We apply this same philosophy to navigate the,to meet reporting requirements and key metrics in respect
"energy transition, leveraging our experience, skills and insights",of  Scope 1 and 2 emissions for our direct operations and
to invest responsibly in the face of climate change and a,controlled entities.
decarbonising global economy.,

=== Table 2 (page 8) ===
,
Our approach to sustainability in our,"In FY24, we enhanced our carbon accounting process,"
,which included implementing a third-party technology
direct operations aligns with our,solution to calculate emissions estimates for our direct
,operations and our controlled investments.
purpose of generating enduring,
,In anticipation of mandatory climate-related financial
"success for our shareholders, our",
,reporting in accordance with the proposed Australian
employees and the community.,"Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS), we have"
,"formalised the Board's oversight of reporting obligations,"
We are long-term investors with an unconstrained investment,"reviewed our risk management framework, and enhanced"
mandate. This allows for flexibility and the pursuit of hidden,"our internal and external resources, capacity and expertise."
value through market fluctuations. This investment approach,Soul Patts has taken a proactive approach by evaluating its
enables us to create long-term value and manage risk for,assurance readiness for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and
our shareholders.,understanding our reporting obligations for Scope 3
,"emissions, climate scenario analysis and transition planning."
Our direct operations,Further details about how we calculate emissions are
,provided on page 24 of this report. More information about
Soul Patts' direct operations manage our investment portfolio,
,our approach to managing material sustainability and
with 56 employees located in our head office in Sydney.,
,climate-related risks and opportunities is provided on
Our approach to sustainability in our direct operations aligns,
,page 22 of this report.
with our purpose of generating enduring success for our,
"shareholders, our employees and the community.",
,Employee value proposition
"We prioritise strong governance, a talented and",
,In FY24 we made important progress with our employee
"motivated workforce, community investment and",
,value proposition (EVP) and continue to build our strong
responsible environmental management.,
,values-driven culture. Our employees continue to be the
,core driver of our success. More information about our
"Energy, emissions and the environment",
,"people, values and culture can be found on page 18"
We provide our team with the resources and support to,of this report.
"make significant, focused investments in Australian industries",
that have a competitive advantage and manage their,
,Community investment
environmental impact well. Alongside generating enduring,
,Our approach to community investment continues to be a
"investment returns from well-managed businesses, we are",
,"focus in FY24, with an increased amount of time, services and"
committed to reducing our own environmental footprint.,
,philanthropy provided to support our communities and
Our leased office at 151 Clarence Street Sydney ‘Barrack,"community organisations. Our refreshed community strategy,"
"Place’ is managed by Investa, and in FY24 it achieved","reflects the themes chosen by our employees: mental health,"
National Australian Built Environment Ratings of:,communities and breaking down barriers for women.
,More information can be found on page 20 of this report.
"•
6/6 Star Rating for Electricity with GreenPower",
"•
4.5/6 Star Rating for Water",Our suppliers
Barrack Place is a Platinum Certified member of the,"In FY24, as part of our continuous improvement,"
International WELL Building Institute for advancing human,we commenced an uplift in our supplier governance.
health and wellbeing.,This program of work included an end to end third party
,"supplier mapping, a panel review of legal and consultant"
"Barrack Place is conveniently situated near public transport,",
,"engagement, and a review of supplier processes. In FY25,"
and offers end-of-trip facilities to promote sustainable,
,we have introduced a Supplier Code of Conduct and are
commuting options for employees.,
,improving our operational efficiencies and controls.
"In FY24, our total estimated Scope 1 and Scope 21 GHG",
,"Our 2023 Modern Slavery Statement, available on our"
emissions for our direct operations in our leased office,
,"website, details our efforts to uphold and protect human"
using a location-based methodology continued to be,
,"rights in our operations, controlled investments and supply"
"minimal, at 40 tonnes CO2e (carbon dioxide equivalent).",
,chains. Our 2024 Modern Slavery Statement will be published
We purchased 100% GreenPower to offset our Head Office,
,on our website by February 2025.
electricity emissions (38 tonnes CO2e Scope 2) and invested,

=== Table 3 (page 13) ===
We invested in Ampcontrol,Reducing emissions in,Training centres established in Mackay
,carbon-intensive industries,and Tomago provide enhanced skills
in 2005 to gain exposure to,,
,,"for the new energy economy, focusing"
operational and energy,Ampcontrol is an Advanced Australian,
,,on practical experience and upskilling
efficiency improvements,Manufacturing business that has,
,,in renewable energy.
,recognised the need to support its,
across mining and,,
,customers in carbon-intensive,
manufacturing industries in,,"Ampcontrol engages with schools,"
,industries. Vehicle emissions are a,
Australia and worldwide.,,universities and industry programs
,"significant issue in mine sites, both for",
,,"to promote careers in science,"
"Arguably, the global",,
,"climate impacts, and also ventilation",
,,"technology, engineering and maths"
energy transition and,,
,and noise. Ampcontrol developed a,
,,"(STEM). It sponsors scholarships, provides"
decarbonisation of industry,,
,battery solution for underground mining,
,,industrial placements and supports
provides some of the,,
,vehicles that eliminates diesel use.,
,,outreach initiatives like HunterWiSE
biggest investment,They have won awards for their,
,,to increase women’s participation
opportunities of our,innovation in developing world first,
,,"in STEM. In FY24, Ampcontrol gave"
generation.1,"solutions to help decarbonise industry,",
,,"opportunities to 118 apprentices,"
,including Health Excellence at the,
,,16 trainees and 32 graduates on
,NSW Mining HSEC Awards in 2023.,
We increased our,,development pathway programs.
investment ownership in,,Close to 300 Ampcontrol employees
,Sustainability report and,
Ampcontrol to 100% in,,received role development through
,Sustainability action plan,"promotion, secondment and higher"
2022. We oversee strategy,,
,2023–2026 released,"duties, and more than 1000 training"
and performance though,,
,The Ampcontrol Sustainability report,sessions were delivered to employees.
representation on the,,
,outlines its commitment to the United,
Ampcontrol board.,,
,Nations Sustainable Development,Net zero emissions by 2040
,Goals (SDGs) and its six priority goals for,
,,The Ampcontrol Climate Action
,the period August 2023 to August 2026.,
,,"Plan, aligned with SDG 13, aims to"
,Its net zero roadmap includes,
,,decarbonise operations and achieve
,ambitious emissions reduction targets.,
,,net zero emissions by 2040. The plan
,Ampcontrol is committed to supporting,
,,"includes mitigation, adaptation and"
,the net zero journeys of its customers,
,,advocacy. Key mitigation efforts
,and making positive community,
,,involve a comprehensive roadmap
,impacts.,
,,"to reduce emissions, targeting a"
,,reduction beyond global pathways to
,,limit warming below 2 degrees Celsius.
,,To reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2
,,emissions Ampcontrol has installed
,,rooftop solar and entered into a
,,ten-year renewable power purchase
,,agreement for its New South Wales
,,sites. Other initiatives include LED
,AMPCONTROL SUSTAINABILITY REPORT,
,,lighting upgrades and equipment
,https://ampcontrolgroup.com/resource/,
,ampcontrol-sustainability-report-2024,"power monitoring, a low-emissions"
,,vehicle policy and transition from
,,natural gas heating to renewable
,Nurturing future innovators and,"electricity heating. By 2023, Ampcontrol"
,leaders in the energy sector,achieved a 30% reduction in Scope 1
,The Ampcontrol three-year,and Scope 2 emissions from the 2020
,sustainability action plan invests in,"baseline, surpassing the pathway to the"
,people and the community through,2030 interim target of a 60% reduction.
,employment and development in,Ampcontrol addresses Scope 3
,the energy sector.,emissions reduction by engaging
,,"suppliers, customers and the"
,"It focuses on diversity, equity and",
,,community in its decarbonisation
,"inclusion, aligning with SDG 8 to foster",
,,"efforts, promoting renewable energy"
,economic growth and productive,
,,and enhancing energy efficiency
1     Decarbonisation and changes to,,
,employment. Ampcontrol supports,
energy production and distribution,,across the supply chain and
could result in US$100 trillion in,employee development with,
,,customers’ operations.
global infrastructure investment,,
,comprehensive training programs,
from now until 2050 (source:,,
,and educational support through,
International Energy,,
"Agency, 2021).",a technical training services model.,

=== Table 4 (page 25) ===
,Directors must declare that these reports comply with the
,"ASRS, and auditors must provide assurance, although this"
For further information about Soul Patts’ approach to,
governance and risk management refer to:,will be phased in according to a roadmap developed by
,the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (AUASB).
2024 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT,
,"In preparation for mandatory reporting, we have"
,formalised the Board's oversight of climate-related reporting
DIRECTORS' REPORT,"requirements, reviewed our risk governance framework"
,"and increased our internal and external resources, capacity"
PAGE 37 OF THE 2024 ANNUAL REPORT,
,"and skills, external resources, capacity and expertise."
FINANCIAL REPORT,Soul Patts has been proactively preparing for these
PAGE 115 OF THE 2024 ANNUAL REPORT,requirements by assessing its assurance readiness for Scope 1
,and 2 GHG emissions and understanding our reporting

=== Table 5 (page 26) ===
"Sources: Greenbase (Environmental accountants),",,acquisitions include an automated processing
"company data, company estimates",,"facility with increased electricity usage, and a fruit"
,,"trucking business, with increased diesel usage."
1. Direct operations includes:,,
,•,Aquatic Achievers Group increased Scope 1 and
"–
emissions from purchased electricity for our leased",,
,,Scope 2 emissions by approximately 150%. This aligns
office at 151 Clarence Street and petrol used in a,,
,,with a similar increase in revenue for the Group.
company-owned vehicle.,,
,,Both increases were driven by the inclusion of 12
2.  Controlled investments includes:,,
,,months of operations for Carlile and Kirby in FY24
"–
emissions for businesses where we have operational",,(compared to just 1 month for Carlile and 4 months
control under the National Greenhouse and Energy,,"for Kirby in FY23), as well as the opening of 3 new"
Reporting Act 2007 including 100% of the Scope 1,,pools in FY24.
"and 2 emissions for the Agriculture portfolio, and",,
,•,Ampcontrol grew its business revenue by 43% with
emissions in international operations for Ampcontrol,,
,,only minor increases in its Scope 1 and Scope 2
"–
FY24: Ampcontrol, Aquatic Achievers Group",,
,,emissions under the location-based methodology.
(including 12 months of Carlile Swimming and,,
,,"However, during FY24 Ampcontrol entered into a"
"12 months of Kirby Swim), the Agriculture portfolio,",,
,,power purchase agreement (PPA) for 11 of its NSW
and Property Trusts,,
,,"sites, which included the surrender of large-scale"
"–
FY23: Ampcontrol, Aquatic Achievers Group",,generation certificates. This reduced Ampcontrol's
(including 1 month of Carlile Swimming and 4 months,,
,,"Scope 2 emissions by about 900 tonnes CO2e,"
"of Kirby Swim), the Agriculture portfolio, and",,based on the market-based calculation
Property Trusts.,,methodology.
"In FY24 we enhanced our carbon accounting process,",,

=== Table 6 (page 26) ===
Sustainability metrics,,
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions,,Every year our investment portfolio changes and our
(location-based),,emissions profile alongside it. In FY24 Soul Patts' emissions
,,profile changed for its controlled investments due to the
"FY24
FY23",,
Tonnes CO2e (carbon,,following changes in those investments:
"Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 1
dioxide equivalent)",Scope 2,
,,"•
Agriculture portfolio made acquisitions in Redland"
"Direct operations1
2
38
3",35,
,,Apples and Redland Premium Fruit on 26 September
"Controlled investments2
 
8,373 
  18,595 
 
3,732","6,565",
,,"2023, which accounts for around 59% of the"
"Total
 
8,375 
  18,633 
 
3,735","6,600",increase in total Scope 1 emissions and around
,,"69% of the increase in Scope 2 emissions, as these"
"Sources: Greenbase (Environmental accountants),",,acquisitions include an automated processing
"company data, company estimates",,"facility with increased electricity usage, and a fruit"
,,"trucking business, with increased diesel usage."
1. Direct operations includes:,,
,,"•
Aquatic Achievers Group increased Scope 1 and"
"–
emissions from purchased electricity for our leased",,
,,Scope 2 emissions by approximately 150%. This aligns
office at 151 Clarence Street and petrol used in a,,
,,with a similar increase in revenue for the Group.
company-owned vehicle.,,
,,Both increases were driven by the inclusion of 12
2.  Controlled investments includes:,,
,,months of operations for Carlile and Kirby in FY24
"–
emissions for businesses where we have operational",,(compared to just 1 month for Carlile and 4 months
control under the National Greenhouse and Energy,,"for Kirby in FY23), as well as the opening of 3 new"
Reporting Act 2007 including 100% of the Scope 1,,pools in FY24.
"and 2 emissions for the Agriculture portfolio, and",,
,,"•
Ampcontrol grew its business revenue by 43% with"
emissions in international operations for Ampcontrol,,
,,only minor increases in its Scope 1 and Scope 2
"–
FY24: Ampcontrol, Aquatic Achievers Group",,
,,emissions under the location-based methodology.
(including 12 months of Carlile Swimming and,,
,,"However, during FY24 Ampcontrol entered into a"
"12 months of Kirby Swim), the Agriculture portfolio,",,
,,power purchase agreement (PPA) for 11 of its NSW
and Property Trusts,,
,,"sites, which included the surrender of large-scale"
"–
FY23: Ampcontrol, Aquatic Achievers Group",,generation certificates. This reduced Ampcontrol's
(including 1 month of Carlile Swimming and 4 months,,
,,"Scope 2 emissions by about 900 tonnes CO2e,"
"of Kirby Swim), the Agriculture portfolio, and",,based on the market-based calculation
Property Trusts.,,methodology.
"In FY24 we enhanced our carbon accounting process,",,

=== Table 7 (page 27) ===
"risk management, and metrics and targets, thereby strengthening our commitment to transparency and sustainable",,
investment management.,,
Key elements of ASRS,Description of proposed ASRS key elements,Relevant disclosures in this report
Governance,"The governance processes, controls and",How we think about governance and risk
,procedures used to monitor climate-related risks,management in our business is detailed on pages
,and opportunities.,22 to 23. For more information on governance
,,"and risk, refer to our 2024 Annual Report and 2024"
,,Corporate Governance Statement which can be
,,viewed on our website.
Strategy,How an entity’s strategy addresses significant,Our approach to sustainability in our direct
,climate-related risks and opportunities.,operations and controlled entities (our strategy)
,,is summarised in: the letter from our Managing
,,Director & CEO on pages 2 to 3; How we create
,,long-term value on pages 4 to 5; Our direct
,,operations on page 6; and Our sustainable
,,investment approach on page 7.
Risk management,"How climate-related risks are identified, assessed,",How we manage sustainability risks and
,managed and mitigated.,opportunities is detailed on pages 22 to 23.
,,Our preparation for mandatory climate-related
,,financial reporting is further discussed on page 23.
Metrics and targets,Information used to manage and monitor the,Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions related to
,entity’s performance in relation to climate-related,direct operations and controlled investments are
,risks and opportunities over time.,disclosed on page 24.