=== Page 4 ===
"Sustainability is embedded in our 
purpose to create lasting value for 
our shareholders, employees and 
the communities we serve."
Dear Shareholders,
We are pleased to present our 2024 Sustainability Report, 
which showcases our commitment to long-term value 
creation.  We believe sustainability encompasses the financial 
and non-financial factors that drive enduring value. As such, 
sustainability is embedded in our purpose to create lasting 
value for our shareholders, employees and the communities 
we serve. It is core to our investment philosophy that for 
120 years has focused on enhancing businesses, generating 
employment and investing in communities to foster 
intergenerational value. 
This report highlights our approach to sustainability within our 
direct operations and profiles the sustainable initiatives of our 
three controlled subsidiaries:
•Ampcontrol: Leading industry decarbonisation by 
developing and manufacturing innovative energy 
solutions at scale.
•Agriculture portfolio: At the forefront of innovation, 
implementing farm practices that advance sustainable 
food production in an industry where Australia has a 
global competitive advantage. 
•Aquatic Achievers Group: Enriching communities by 
delivering an average of 50,000 swimming lessons weekly 
across 29 locations, providing vital water safety for 
Australia's growing population.
Energy transition
At the heart of our investment philosophy is a culture-driven 
approach, where strong governance and leadership are 
paramount. We apply this same philosophy to navigate the 
energy transition, leveraging our experience, skills and insights 
to invest responsibly in the face of climate change and a 
decarbonising global economy.
The journey towards a sustainable energy future is complex 
and will not be linear. We are committed to investing across 
the energy spectrum, in assets that are managed with 
a strong focus on environmental sustainability, social 
responsibility and community wellbeing. We seek to 
influence change through active engagement with 
our controlled and substantial investments. 
Our investment in New Hope demonstrates our approach 
to active ownership. Board representation allows us to
influence governance, strategy and performance ensuring 
the business is operated responsibly and sustainably.New Hope is committed to community engagement, 
actively participating in local initiatives and addressing key 
issues such as wellbeing and unemployment. It also prioritises 
the repatriation of land, restoring areas affected by their 
operations to their natural state. Additionally, New Hope 
invests in emission-reducing technologies, aiming to reduce 
its carbon footprint and enhance operational efficiency.
Our investment in Ampcontrol is an example of how we 
are supporting industries to deliver on their decarbonisation 
goals. More information on how Ampcontrol is supporting 
the energy transition is detailed in this report.
In an increasingly complex and rapidly changing investment 
landscape, our commitment to an unconstrained investment 
approach remains steadfast. This strategy allows us the 
flexibility to uncover hidden value, regardless of market 
fluctuations, ensuring we stay agile and responsive to 
emerging opportunities. 
Direct operations
Our approach to sustainability in our direct operations aligns 
with our purpose of generating enduring success for our 
shareholders, employees and the community. In this report 
we highlight some of the ways we prioritise sustainability 
factors such as strong governance, a talented and 
motivated workforce, community partnerships and 
responsible environmental management. 
Regulatory reporting
We are preparing to meet current and upcoming climate 
and sustainability-related reporting requirements by 
strengthening our governance, risk models, and internal 
and external resources. Our ability to adapt to the evolving 
regulatory environment and stakeholder expectations is 
key to sustaining our competitive edge and delivering 
long-term value.
This report provides further information about work underway 
to meet reporting requirements and key metrics in respect 
of  Scope 1 and 2 emissions for our direct operations and 
controlled entities.2 Soul Patts Sustainability Report 2024
Letter from our Managing Director & CEO

=== Page 5 ===
Community legacy and refreshed strategy
In addition to our investment activities, we are committed 
to leveraging our time, services and philanthropy to support 
not-for-profit organisations and build resilience in our 
communities. Our long-term partnership with the Royal 
Flying Doctor Service ( RFDS ) began with our founder, 
Lewy Pattinson, a devoted philanthropist. This legacy 
continues 84 years later as we commit our expertise in 
areas that matter including advice on strategic sustainability, 
emissions and fundraising activities. 
The Soul Patts Foundation, formerly the Milton Foundation, 
was established in 1988 to support disadvantaged 
community members. Following a review of our community 
strategy, and with input from our Soul Patts employees, 
we identified three thematic pillars: mental health, 
communities, and breaking down barriers for women. 
Aligned with these pillars, in 2024 we established two 
new partnerships with the Black Dog Institute and 
The George Institute for Global Health.
We are also proud of the community engagement and 
investment activities undertaken by our investee companies. 
Their involvement in local communities not only enhances 
their business success but also reinforces our shared values 
of responsibility and stewardship.
Our people, our culture, our competitive edge
Our culture is our competitive edge, driving our investment 
approach. Our close-knit team actively participates in 
decisions, fostering robust debate and peer review. 
This ensures capital is deployed where we believe it 
will generate lasting value.
This year we completed our second culture and 
engagement survey. With a strong participation rate of 90%, 
our engagement score outperformed the top quartile of 
finance organisations in Australia. Most notable was 95% of 
our people are proud to work for Soul Patts, demonstrating 
the strong culture we have built over the past 120 years. 
We are proud of our values-based culture that has 
been developed over many generations. It continues 
to be the core driver of our success.
Thank you for your continued trust and support 
as we work to create lasting value for all 
our stakeholders.
Todd Barlow
Managing Director & CEO
26 September 20243

=== Page 8 ===
Our approach to sustainability in our 
direct operations aligns with our 
purpose of generating enduring 
success for our shareholders, our 
employees and the community. 
We are long-term investors with an unconstrained investment 
mandate. This allows for flexibility and the pursuit of hidden 
value through market fluctuations. This investment approach 
enables us to create long-term value and manage risk for 
our shareholders.
Our direct operations
Soul Patts' direct operations manage our investment portfolio 
with 56 employees located in our head office in Sydney. 
Our approach to sustainability in our direct operations aligns 
with our purpose of generating enduring success for our 
shareholders, our employees and the community. 
We prioritise strong governance, a talented and 
motivated workforce, community investment and 
responsible environmental management.
Energy, emissions and the environment
We provide our team with the resources and support to 
make significant, focused investments in Australian industries 
that have a competitive advantage and manage their 
environmental impact well. Alongside generating enduring 
investment returns from well-managed businesses, we are 
committed to reducing our own environmental footprint.
Our leased office at 151 Clarence Street Sydney ‘Barrack 
Place’ is managed by Investa, and in FY24 it achieved 
National Australian Built Environment Ratings of: 
•6/6 Star Rating for Electricity with GreenPower 
•4.5/6 Star Rating for Water 
Barrack Place is a Platinum Certified member of the 
International WELL Building Institute for advancing human 
health and wellbeing.
Barrack Place is conveniently situated near public transport, 
and offers end-of-trip facilities to promote sustainable 
commuting options for employees.
In FY24, our total estimated Scope 1 and Scope 21 GHG 
emissions for our direct operations in our leased office 
using a location-based methodology continued to be 
minimal, at 40 tonnes CO 2e (carbon dioxide equivalent). 
We purchased 100% GreenPower to offset our Head Office 
electricity emissions (38 tonnes CO 2e Scope 2) and invested 
in a further 3 tonnes CO 2e of Australian Carbon Credit Units 
(ACCUs ) to fully offset GHG emissions from our direct head 
office operations. In FY24, we enhanced our carbon accounting process, 
which included implementing a third-party technology 
solution to calculate emissions estimates for our direct 
operations and our controlled investments. 
In anticipation of mandatory climate-related financial 
reporting in accordance with the proposed Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards ( ASRS ), we have 
formalised the Board's oversight of reporting obligations, 
reviewed our risk management framework, and enhanced 
our internal and external resources, capacity and expertise. 
Soul Patts has taken a proactive approach by evaluating its 
assurance readiness for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and 
understanding our reporting obligations for Scope 3 
emissions, climate scenario analysis and transition planning.
Further details about how we calculate emissions are 
provided on page 24 of this report. More information about 
our approach to managing material sustainability and 
climate-related risks and opportunities is provided on 
page 22 of this report.
Employee value proposition
In FY24 we made important progress with our employee 
value proposition ( EVP) and continue to build our strong 
values-driven culture. Our employees continue to be the 
core driver of our success. More information about our 
people, values and culture can be found on page 18 
of this report.
Community investment
Our approach to community investment continues to be a 
focus in FY24, with an increased amount of time, services and 
philanthropy provided to support our communities and 
community organisations. Our refreshed community strategy, 
reflects the themes chosen by our employees: mental health, 
communities and breaking down barriers for women. 
More information can be found on page 20 of this report.
Our suppliers
In FY24, as part of our continuous improvement, 
we commenced an uplift in our supplier governance. 
This program of work included an end to end third party 
supplier mapping, a panel review of legal and consultant 
engagement, and a review of supplier processes. In FY25, 
we have introduced a Supplier Code of Conduct and are 
improving our operational efficiencies and controls.
Our 2023 Modern Slavery Statement, available on our 
website, details our efforts to uphold and protect human 
rights in our operations, controlled investments and supply 
chains. Our 2024 Modern Slavery Statement will be published 
on our website by February 2025.6 Soul Patts Sustainability Report 2024
Our approach to sustainability
1 Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources, while Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation 
of purchased electricity, steam, heating and cooling consumed by the business. Scope 3 GHG emissions are all indirect emissions not covered in 
the business' Scope 1 and Scope 2 that occur in the value chain of the business, including both upstream and downstream emissions.

=== Page 12 ===
Ampcontrol
Investing in innovative 
decarbonisation technologies 
to support the energy transition
Ampcontrol develops innovative 
energy solutions to help industries 
decarbonise through advanced 
Australian manufacturing and 
collaborative technologies.10 Soul Patts Sustainability Report 2024
Our controlled subsidiaries
Reducing emissions in 
carbon-intensive industries 
Nurturing future innovators 
and leaders
Net zero emissions 
by 2040
Image: Ampcontrol world-first battery electric vehicle 
and charging infrastructure for underground mining.