=== Page 10 ===
ESG: A HANDS-ON APPROACH
The Servcorp Board and Management recognises the importance of sound 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices as part of their responsibility 
to our clients, shareholders, communities, team members and the environment in 
which Servcorp operates.
ESG AT SERVCORP
Our sustainability strategy is in progress. 
The landscape of ESG reporting is evolving 
rapidly; changes in regulations will result in 
Servcorp becoming subject to mandatory 
climate disclosures for the year ending 
30 June 2027 , and we have commenced the 
process of assessing the actions that will be 
needed, with a view to incorporating this for 
future reports. The Company’s sustainability 
approach moves beyond compliance, 
to help shape Servcorp’s role in driving 
meaningful change. 
The increasing adoption of digital 
innovation and other technologies are 
changing the shape of the workspace 
solutions industry. There are increasing 
awareness of and expectations around 
ESG from all stakeholders. Servcorp continues to focus on increasing 
our understanding of the potential impacts 
of significant climate events, and climate 
change more broadly, on our business, and 
implementing mitigation and adaptation 
actions to manage current and future risk 
according to our management framework.
We judge that the likely impact of potential 
climate risks on Servcorp’s business 
continuity, and on our ability to continue to 
provide professional services effectively, is 
low. Our products and services have proven 
to mitigate the risks for our clients. 
ENVIRONMENTAL GREENPRINT FOR THE FUTURE
There is growing need for businesses to 
become sustainable to ensure the protection 
of the environment from further damage. 
Servcorp acknowledges the seriousness 
and the challenges of climate change; 
challenges drive progress, and our ambition 
is to become a sustainability leader in our 
industry. Opportunities exist to embed 
sustainability in many ways, and we have 
three distinct areas of focus; Reduce, Offset 
and Educate.
As a global company, we have a 
responsibility for taking a leadership role 
amongst both team members and clients 
worldwide to educate them on our values 
and attitude towards the environment. We 
will endeavour to make everyday changes, 
such as reducing paper use, recycling 
waste materials and using energy efficient 
processes, to help make a difference.As Servcorp continues to grow and open 
new locations, we choose green buildings 
as another step in the right direction, 
and further reduce our impact on the 
environment. See more about our new 
buildings on page 11.
Servcorp also takes a proactive approach 
to re-establishing natural ecosystems 
through revegetation, offsetting 
greenhouse emissions and conservation 
projects. Since 2007 , Servcorp has 
supported The Green Offices Project as 
our global platform for these initiatives. 
See our full Greenfleet journey on page 18. ETHICAL STANDARDS 
Servcorp is serious about social 
responsibility, and we respect human 
rights as fundamental to our business and 
the communities in which the Company 
operates. Servcorp is fully committed to 
operating responsibly, establishing, and 
adhering to, the highest ethical standards 
across its global operations. 
We seek to protect against all forms of 
modern slavery and serious exploitation 
including human trafficking, forced labour 
and child labour within our organisation 
and its supply chain. Training resources are 
available online for the continual education 
of all team members. Servcorp lodges an 
annual statement in accordance with the 
Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act 2018.
Servcorp holds a high ethical standard in 
all aspects in which we conduct business. 
Due to the impact bribery and corruption 
would have on our team members and 
stakeholders, we are committed to acting 
professionally, fairly and with integrity in 
all our business dealings and relationships, 
wherever we operate. By incorporating 
preventative measures through our training 
resources, in conjunction with our Code of 
Conduct, our team members understand 
and can recognise fraudulent behaviour, 
and through such culture, develop a 
workplace with integrity. DIVERSITY
Servcorp has a culture that both embraces 
and achieves diversity in its global 
operations, we pride ourselves on being 
an industry leader. Servcorp is culturally 
diverse in its employment practices and 
has a global culture of employing the 
best available talent for any position 
regardless of gender, age, race or religion. 
Servcorp benefits from the diversity of its 
team members. 
Continual access to training and 
development assists with developing 
our team members’ skills and career 
progression, providing global opportunities 
for upward mobility into leadership roles. 
Servcorp has a high participation of women 
across all employment levels; women 
comprise 54.5% of our executive team 
and 82.3% off all team members globally. 
We are particularly proud that our Saudi 
Arabian workforce consists of 60% female 
team members. CHARITY AND CULTURAL SUPPORT
We are grateful that, as a global Company, 
we work with our local communities to 
bring about real change for good. 
Servcorp also encourages team members 
to give back to the communities in 
which they live and work by contributing 
service, leadership and financial support 
to the causes and organisations they 
feel passionately about. Over the years, 
Servcorp has held charity functions and 
balls, runs raffles and undertakes donation 
drives; every dollar raised by our teams 
on the ground is matched dollar for dollar 
by Servcorp. 
Servcorp supports cultural organisations 
such as Australian Chamber Orchestra, The 
Art Gallery of NSW, and The St James’ Music 
Foundation and provides a platform for 
local artists by commissioning their artwork 
for our global locations.
We are passionate about supporting 
continuing research into the prevention, 
support and cure of terminally ill members 
of the community. See the organisations we 
have supported this year on page 20.
We thank our clients and those who 
contributed to the success of our 
fundraising for the year.SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 
Servcorp’s global footprint goes hand in hand with a social responsibility to respect 
the basic principles for the ways in which people live and work together. 
CAPITAGREEN, SINGAPORE
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE CEO'S MESSAGE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REMUNERATION REPORT DIRECTORS’ REPORT OTHER INFORMATION YEAR IN REVIEW FINANCIAL REPORT SERVCORP  I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
16 17

=== Page 11 ===
CHIPPING IN FOR THE ENVIRONMENT
Since 2007 , Servcorp has supported 
The Green Offices Project as our global 
platform for re-establishing natural 
ecosystems through revegetation, 
offsetting greenhouse emissions and 
conservation project initiatives.
As part of The Green Offices Project, 
Servcorp plants a tree for every Virtual 
Office sold online through the Servcorp 
website. Virtual Offices, which are 
inherently environmentally friendly, 
continue to be a driving force behind 
the Green Offices Project.
The Project aims to reduce our carbon 
emissions, offset our existing footprint 
and educate our teams and clients 
about improving their day-to-day 
impact on the environment. As well as 
offsetting greenhouse gas, this action is 
helping improve water quality, reduce 
soil degradation and provide essential 
habitat for native wildlife. 
Servcorp’s partnership with Greenfleet 
is supporting the restoration of 
approximately 83,000 native trees 
across multiple forest sites. Our climate 
action is resulting in approximately 
830,000 square metres of regional land 
being restored. This is greater than the 
combined floor space occupied by our 
network of offices, globally.
Now, we are working with Greenfleet 
to grow the ‘Servcorp Forest’ which 
is restoring more legally protected 
ecosystems and supporting the 
reforestation of a Nature Reserve. It 
is removing carbon dioxide from the 
atmosphere, conserving biodiversity 
and restoring habitat for wildlife, 
including many endangered species. 
Servcorp acknowledges the seriousness of climate change and the impact high 
concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are having on our planet. 
There is growing need for businesses to become sustainable to ensure the protection 
of the environment from further damage. We have three distinct areas of focus; 
Reduce, Offset and Educate. 
OUR GREENFLEET COMMITMENT 
Since 2007 , Servcorp’s contributions to leading environmental not-for-
profit, Greenfleet, have made a large difference through multiple projects 
in various communities around Australia. In 2022, Servcorp expanded our 
long-term partnership with Greenfleet, with the intention of contributing 
up to $1 million over 10 years to projects for native ecosystem restoration.
MAREEBA WETLANDS (QLD) 
Located within the Mareeba Wetlands 
Nature reserve on Muluridgi Country, 
this project is re-establishing the natural 
ecosystem. This property is being restored 
over three years and is restoring over 
30 hectares of valuable wetland ecosystem 
in North Queensland across 3 years. 
The Mareeba Wetlands offer critical 
conservation opportunities for more 
than 220 species of birds, as well as frogs, 
reptiles, and fish. Through this project 
we will also be supporting restoration of 
an area with one of the highest mammal 
diversities in the Cape York region, including 
the northern quoll (Dasyurus hallucatus), 
which is classified as endangered.CHERRY GULLY & AVON (QLD)
Located north-west of Brisbane, over 250 
hectares these two properties are being 
restored with Servcorp’s help. This project 
will provide extensive wildlife habitat 
along the Cherry Gully riparian corridor, 
particularly for koalas, which are listed as 
endangered in Queensland. With existing 
koalas confirmed on the property, this work 
will extend habitat and food sources for 
the species. By restoring native forest along 
Cherry Gully, Ivory Creek and Brisbane River 
Catchment, this project will also improve 
water quality.
WURNEET LAANG LAANG (VIC)  
Servcorp supported the restoration of 
Wurneet Laang Laang; a project that has 
seen over 60,000 native trees planted since 
2016. The property is located at the head 
of the Lang Lang River in South Gippsland, 
and forms part of Greenfleet’s Stzrelecki 
Nature Link. More than 20 different native 
species have been planted, including Silver 
Wattle (Acacia dealbata) and the Critically 
Endangered Stzelecki Gum (Eucalyptus 
strzeleckii). In 2019, koalas were found 
already living in the three-year-old trees 
on the property. The forest is extending 
biodiversity and creating habitat and 
sources of food for a wealth of native 
birds on the property.CORYMBIA FARM (VIC)
In 2018, Servcorp supported this project 
which saw the restoration of more than 
26,000 native trees and shrubs at Corymbia 
Farm in West Gippsland. This area is 
home to the endangered Giant Gippsland 
Earthworm (Megascolides australis or 
Karmai in the Boon Wurrung language), 
which is found nowhere else in the world. 
This area is vulnerable to landslides 
that disrupt the earthworm’s habitat 
and threaten the population. Greenfleet 
planted trees strategically to protect the 
earthworms from damage and longer-term 
habitat degradation.
AVOCA (NSW)
This 1,700-hectare property had been 
extensively cleared with the remaining 
native vegetation fragmented. Adjacent to 
the property is the Buddigower State Forest, 
and nearby Buddigower Nature Reserve, 
an area of significance for its biological 
values containing a critically endangered 
ecological community, more than 20 animal 
species listed as endangered or vulnerable, 
including migrating species such as the 
Swift Parrot. This project is creating much 
needed landscape connectivity and 
enhancing conservation values. 
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE CEO'S MESSAGE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REMUNERATION REPORT DIRECTORS’ REPORT OTHER INFORMATION YEAR IN REVIEW FINANCIAL REPORT SERVCORP  I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
19
 18