=== Page 13 ===
as measures to protect our teams from 
customer-related abuse. In FY2023, we 
had 29 reported injuries that primarily 
stemmed from the manually handling 
of stock items in our stores. We are 
continuing to educate our store teams 
about the importance of occupational 
health and safety and take steps  
to reduce the frequency of injury  
to our teams.
We also continue to offer a number  
of programs that support improved 
mental health and open communication 
across the business as well as offering 
an employee assistance program  
to support those in need.
We also offer career development 
opportunities including our brand 
ambassador program which recognises 
and rewards the top performing store 
team members by introducing them to 
a selection of the top retailers globally 
so that they can learn and apply those 
principles within Shaver Shop. In FY2023, 
7 team members travelled to Dubai and 
New York to learn from the world’s best 
retail organisations. We also actively 
seek to promote internal candidates  
to support office positions when role 
opportunities present themselves and 
have created new cluster store manager 
positions which help our best store 
managers have influence over an increased number of stores  
in a particular geographic area.
All of these programs are intended  
to deliver a robust and well-rounded 
employee development program that  
is focused on the long-term facilitation 
of a strategic workforce that engages 
our employees based on their needs 
and our company vision.
Whilst not mandatory, we also 
encourage our employees to take  
their full annual leave entitlements  
to ensure they are mentally and 
physically refreshed when at work.
Our Community
Shaver Shop seeks to be a good 
corporate citizen that also sources  
the products we sell from like-minded 
organisations. Our programs include 
supporting team members who  
wish to volunteer with charitable 
organisations by permitting team 
members to take paid leave  
to pursue their charitable work.
Shaver Shop sources its products  
from distributors and manufacturers 
that operate in many countries around 
the world. We are committed to socially 
responsible sourcing of these products 
and work with our supply chain partners 3.Our
Environment2.Our
Community1.Our
Teamto ensure that modern slavery, 
environmental and other risks are 
identified and mitigated. We seek  
to find suppliers that demonstrate  
an alignment with our commitment  
to sourcing products ethically and  
that have implemented policies and 
practices consistent with our own. 
In FY2023, Shaver Shop implemented  
a cloud-based solution that assists  
us with identifying and mitigating  
risks associated with modern slavery. 
In FY2024, we intend to increase the 
number of questionnaires sent to  
our supplier base with a risk-based 
approach to targeting suppliers with  
a potentially higher modern slavery 
risk. Last year, we also adopted a new 
supplier charter which outlines the 
standards that we expect of our vendor 
partners and have been requesting  
our suppliers to acknowledge their 
compliance with the charter when 
completing their modern 
slavery questionnaires.
Our Environment
Shaver Shop appreciates the need  
to minimise its impact on our natural 
environment. We are committed to 
actively taking steps to reduce waste, 
reduce power consumption and drive 
down emissions across our business 
as well as working with suppliers  
to do so.
At our stores, we take measures to 
ensure we are being efficient in our  
use of electricity. We recycle, to the 
greatest extent possible, cardboard, 
paper and packaging material.  
We have also implemented the  
option of customers receiving  
e-mailed sales receipts and invoices 
rather than paper-based copies.
In FY2023, many of our product 
suppliers have taken further steps  
to reduce the amount of plastic 
packaging used as well as move 
towards more sustainable and 
recyclable packaging options  
such as cardboard.
In FY2024, we intend to audit our  
store network to better understand  
our use of low emission lighting as  
well as consider other energy saving 
initiatives that will reduce our carbon 
footprint. We will also continue to work 
with our supplier partners to identify 
more eco-friendly alternatives for 
packaging and displaying the goods 
we sell.
Annual Report 2023 11