=== Page 2 ===
Contents
DISCLAIMER AND FORWARD/hyphen.caseLOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains forward-looking statements tha t 
are subject to risk factors associated with the oil  and 
gas industry and the carbon capture and storage and  
carbon emissions reduction technologies industries.  
It is believed that the expectations re/f_lected in th ese 
statements are reasonable, but they may be aﬀected by 
a range of variables which could cause actual resul ts or 
trends to diﬀer materially, including but not limit ed to: 
price /f_luctuations on any products we produce, store , 
trade or capture, actual demand, currency /f_luctuatio ns, 
geotechnical factors, drilling and production resul ts, gas 
commercialisation, development progress, operating 
results, engineering estimates, reserves and resour ce 
estimates, loss of market, industry competition, 
environmental risks, carbon emissions reduction and  
associated technology risks, physical risks, legisl ative, 
/f_iscal and regulatory developments, economic and 
/f_inancial market conditions in various countries, ap provals, 
conduct of joint venture participants and contractu al 
counterparties and cost estimates. The forward-look ing 
information in this report is based on management’s  
current expectations and re/f_lects judgements, 
assumptions, estimates and other information availa ble as 
at the date of this document and/or the date of San tos’ 
planning processes. There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis. Scenarios do not constitute de/f_in itive 
outcomes. Assumptions may or may not be, or prove t o 
be, correct and may or may not eventuate, and scena rios 
may be impacted by factors other than assumptions 
made. Except as required by applicable regulations or 
by law, Santos does not undertake any obligation to  
publicly update or review any forward-looking state ments, 
whether as a result of new information or future ev ents. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the dat e 
of this report or the date planning process assumpt ions 
were adopted, as relevant. Our strategies and targe ts will 
adapt given the dynamic conditions in which we oper ate; 
it should not be assumed that any particular strate gies, 
targets or implementation measures are in/f_lexible or  
frozen in time. No representation or warranty, expr essed 
or implied, is given as to the accuracy, completene ss or 
correctness, likelihood of achievement or reasonabl eness 
of any forward-looking information contained in thi s 
report. Forward-looking statements do not represent  
guarantees or predictions of future performance, an d 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and  
other factors, many of which are beyond Santos’ con trol, 
and which may cause actual results to diﬀer materia lly 
from those expressed in the statements contained in   
this report.
Devil Creek, Western AustraliaWe acknowledge the 
Traditional Owners of the land 
where we operate and work. 
We recognise their continuing 
connection to land, waters 
and culture. We pay our 
respects to their Elders past, 
present and emerging.Overview
/two.tf 2022 performance highlights
/five.tf A message from the CEO
/seven.tf About us
/one.tf/five.tf Our approach to sustainability
Our sustainability pillars
/one.tf/seven.tf Health and safety
/two.tf/seven.tf Environment
/three.tf/seven.tf Climate change
/three.tf/nine.tf Indigenous partnerships
/five.tf/one.tf Community and supply chain
/seven.tf/one.tf People and culture
/seven.tf/nine.tf Economic sustainabilityGovernance and engagement
/eight.tf/seven.tf Santos Management System
/eight.tf/eight.tf Corporate governance framework
/eight.tf/nine.tf A focus on ethical conduct
/nine.tf/one.tf Advocacy activities
/nine.tf/three.tf Our stakeholders
Appendices
/nine.tf/eight.tfAppendix 1 - De/f_initions and 
abbreviations
/one.tf/zero.tf/one.tf Appendix 2 - Summary data tables
/one.tf/zero.tf/eight.tf Appendix 3 - GRI index
/one.tf/one.tf/four.tf Appendix 4 - Assurance statement

=== Page 5 ===
A message from the CEO
Kevin Gallagher  
Managing Director and Chief Executive OﬃcerAt Santos, our purpose and vision is 
to provide cleaner energy that is both 
aﬀordable and sustainable, to help 
create a better world for everyone. 
‘Creating a better world’ is the  
theme we have chosen for our  
2023 Sustainability Report. 
Creating a better world starts with our people, /f_low s into the 
communities where we operate and culminates in prov iding 
aﬀordable and reliable energy for our customers.
In 2022 we launched a new purpose, vision and strat egy for 
the company. Following the combination of three diﬀ erent 
companies into Santos over the past /f_ive years, all with 
diﬀerent cultures and diﬀerent ways of working, it was vital 
for us to come together and re-commit to our values  and 
our new purpose.
Our vision de/f_ines how we plan to seize the opportun ities 
of the transition to cleaner energy and clean fuels . Our 
refreshed strategy will initially be delivered thro ugh two 
business divisions, an Upstream Gas and Liquids bus iness 
and our Santos Energy Solutions business.
The establishment of these two business divisions s ignals a 
step-change for Santos in our decarbonisation eﬀort s and 
builds on the plan we set out in 2017 with our 2025  Vision.In 2022, we had a particular focus on our ‘one Sant os’, 
‘always safe’ and ‘build a better future’ values. T hese  
focuses re/f_lect that at Santos, and indeed across ou r 
industry, COVID-19 impacted our people and our safe ty 
performance in 2021.
I’m pleased to say in this report our performance i n these 
areas have improved dramatically following the disa ppointing 
performance in 2021. While there is still work to d o, I’m 
con/f_ident in our plans for 2023 and beyond to contin ually 
improve our safety and people and culture performan ce.
Health and safety
This year’s Sustainability Report details our stron g and 
continued focus on hazards and activities with pote ntial for 
life-changing injury or worse, a critical reason fo r our safety 
performance improvement. 
We saw a 70 per cent reduction in our lost time inj ury rate 
from 2021, our hydrocarbon release rate continued t o be well 
below the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers 
global average and our driving-related high potenti al events 
sustained the signi/f_icant improvement from 2019 and 2020.
Santos was also proud to accept the APPEA Safety Pr oject 
Excellence Award for 2022. This industry recognitio n as a 
safety leader is deserving recognition for the tire less work 
our folk do day-in, day-out to ensure safety is cen tral and 
critical to everything we do.Environment and Indigenous partnerships
I have had many memorable moments in my career. 
November 2022 was one of those moments. In the form at 
of a Yarning Circle, I brought together Traditional  Owner 
representatives from across our Australian operatio ns as  
well as my Executive team at our Adelaide headquart ers.
Our role in the day was simple, to listen. 
Some of the messages were a little uncomfortable to   
hear, some /f_illed me with enormous pride but mostly the  
day highlighted the work we can do together to shap e a  
better future.
One of the key outcomes of the day was the establis hment 
of an Indigenous Advisory Panel representing our Au stralian 
Traditional Owners, which held its inaugural meetin g in 
March 2023. 
The Forum and now the Panel is helping us grow our 
relationships as we work together to deliver tangib le, 
meaningful and sustainable outcomes for our Traditi onal 
Owners and their communities.
We have positive relationships with our Traditional  Owners, 
however there have been some high-pro/f_ile cases that  have 
received considerable public attention in 2022.
This year’s report importantly highlights some of t he 
challenges and lessons we have learned in 2022. The  report 
includes updates on our Barossa and Narrabri projec ts.Community
At Santos, we are committed to creating long-term v alue 
for the communities where we operate and supporting  a 
just transition for our people, suppliers and contr actors, 
landholders, Traditional Owners and First Nations p eoples 
and other stakeholders in our business.
Our work partnering with communities is changing an d 
improving lives and livelihoods. In Papua New Guine a, 
the Foundation enabled more than 325,000 childhood 
immunisations, in Timor-Leste 21 Timorese students 
commenced an Electrical and Instrumentation Trainin g 
Program, in North America we supported the Kenai Cl assic 
which supports the conservation and rehabilitation of  
/f_ishery habitats and in Australia we carried out 251  Cultural 
Heritage Assessments with our Traditional Owners.
I’m proud of our people’s passion to be a part of, and 
contribute to, the communities where we operate.
Climate change
Earlier this year, we released our sixth Climate Ch ange 
Report aligned with the Task Force on Climate-relat ed 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, 
incorporating our company’s strong emissions reduct ion 
targets and our Climate Transition Action Plan.
In this year’s Climate Change Report we announced w e  
had achieved our 2025 emission reduction targets in  2022 
and highlighted the signi/f_icant progress we have mad e 
with our plans for carbon capture and storage proje cts. 
Our Moomba CCS project, which will be one of the wo rld’s 
largest, is more than 40 per cent complete, with /f_ir st 
injection expected next year. People and culture
Building on the momentum from the launch of our  
new purpose and vision, 2023 promises to be an  
exciting year for our people. As this report outlin es,  
we have seen improvements in our diversity and  
career growth performance. 
However, we recognise we will not get it right all the 
time and when we don't we want to foster a culture 
that learns fast. We recognise we need to do more 
around work-life balance, /f_lexibility and performanc e 
management.
In 2023, Santos has implemented a condensed working  
hours trial across our Australian business moving t o a 
nine-day fortnight for oﬃce-based staﬀ. This progra m 
is already in place in Alaska. We will also roll ou t a new 
performance framework to drive high performances 
across the organisation, and release an employee va lue 
proposition.
The 2023 Sustainability Report once again provides an 
overview of our company’s approach to sustainabilit y, 
our sustainability pillars and the objectives that underpin 
them. Our approach is guided by the Global Reportin g 
Initiative Standards (Core) and references the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals. The seven pillars we  
focus on in conducting our business and embedding 
sustainable practices throughout our operations are : 
  ++Health and safety 
  ++Environment 
  ++Climate change 
  ++Indigenous partnerships   ++Community and supply chain 
  ++People and culture 
  ++Economic sustainability.
Through the objectives, performance data and practi cal 
examples detailed in this report you can see the pr ogress  
we are making with our sustainability goals and asp irations, 
with that overarching goal being to create a better  world  
for everyone.6 Overview Economic sustainability Climate change Health and safety Environment Indigenous partnerships Community and supply chain Pe ople and culture Appendices Santos Sustainability Report 2023 Governance and engagement

=== Page 7 ===
Our new purpose and vision and three horizon strate gy
In 2022, Santos announced a new purpose and vision  
to better position the company to focus on the 
challenges presented by the dual objectives  
of providing energy security and the  
transition to a lower carbon world. 
Clean fuels
Decarbonisation
Back/f_ill and sustain
2022 2030 2040 2050Santos’ purpose is to provide cleaner energy that i s both 
aﬀordable and sustainable to help create a better w orld 
for everyone. To deliver on our purpose, in 2022 Sa ntos 
announced a new three horizon strategy which underp ins 
our decarbonisation pathway to target net-zero Scop e 1 and 
2 emissions by 2040 and for Santos Energy Solutions  to 
facilitate the reduction, capture, removal, storage  or oﬀset  
of global CO2 emissions.
Santos’ strategy seeks to be robust and resilient t o external 
volatility and aims to deliver shareholder value ac ross three  
horizons: back/f_ill and sustain, decarbonisation and clean fuels. 
Back/f_ill and sustain
Our /f_irst horizon is to back/f_ill and sustain upstream  
production in the range of 100 to 140 million barre ls of  
oil equivalent per annum into the 2040s.
Decarbonisation 
Secondly, we plan to decarbonise those fuels. Our n ew 
Santos Energy Solutions business will work to provi de 
decarbonisation services to deliver our net-zero Sc ope 1 
and 2 emissions target by 2040. Santos Energy Solut ions’ 
strategy focuses on utilising existing infrastructu re and 
depleted natural gas reservoirs to deliver low-cost , large-
scale decarbonisation solutions.Clean fuels 
And thirdly, Santos Energy Solutions aims to produc e clean 
fuels as customer demand evolves, such as synthetic  
methane and green hydrogen. 
It’s a simple strategy that is intended to position  Santos to 
thrive through the energy transition.
Business divisions
Santos’ three horizon strategy will initially be de livered 
through two business divisions, an Upstream Gas and  
Liquids business and the Santos Energy Solutions bu siness. 
The Upstream Gas and Liquids business includes an A sian 
market-focused LNG business with LNG supply project s in 
Papua New Guinea and Australia (Gladstone and Darwi n), and  
two Australian domestic gas businesses (west and ea st coast). 
Our new Santos Energy Solutions business includes  
midstream processing assets providing services to S antos  
and third-party gas and liquids producers. It will also work to 
provide decarbonisation and carbon management servi ces to Santos and third parties, and develop clean fuel s as the 
market and customer demand evolves.
Santos as operator of the Pikka Unit joint venture is 
developing a net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions devel opment 
project, from /f_irst production. The Pikka Phase 1 
development project in Alaska is managed separately   
from our core LNG and domestic gas assets.
Climate Transition Action Plan 
Our Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP), which is  
detailed in our 2023 Climate Change Report, outline s the 
decarbonisation initiatives that provide a pathway for Santos 
to achieve our emission reduction targets and progr essively 
deliver cleaner energy and clean fuels in the futur e. 
Since its introduction in 2022, the CTAP continues to 
focus on our key pillars to lower emissions of our existing 
production through operational eﬃciencies, decarbon ise 
through building our CCS capacity and carbon soluti ons 
portfolio, such as nature-based oﬀsets and direct a ir 
capture, and the supply of new fuels as and when th e  
market demands these products.Santos Energy Solutions is 
our transition business to a 
cleaner energy future Santos' business
Upstream Gas and Liquids Santos Energy Solutions North America
PNG LNG
Gladstone LNG
Bayu-Undan and  
Barossa to Darwin LNGLow-carbon processing of 
Santos' and third-party gas 
and liquids
Clean fuels productionAlaskan net-zero emissions 
oil development project
West Coast
East CoastThree LNG projects
T wo Australian domestic gas 
businessesDecarbonisation and carbon 
management services10 Overview Economic sustainability Climate change Health and safety Environment Indigenous partnerships Community and supply chain Pe ople and culture Appendices Santos Sustainability Report 2023 Governance and engagement