=== Table 1 (page 7) ===
We also made meaningful strides in the decarbonisation,fostering  positive  social  impact  where  it  matters  most,"As 
a  business,  we 
remain 
committed 
to 
a  more"
of the Group. Despite a 7 per cent increase in our total,to them.,sustainable  future  and  responsible  business  practices.
"floor area compared to FY24, our total Group emissions",,"Improved  performance 
requires 
collaboration  across"
,"While  we 
celebrate 
these 
achievements,  we 
also",
(Scopes 1 and 2) increased by only 1.2 per cent in the past,,the  entire  Group  –  from  our  dedicated  team  members
,"acknowledge  that  our  sustainability  journey 
is  one  of",
12  months.  The  decoupling  of  growth  from  emissions,,
,,"who embody our values every day, to our suppliers who"
,"continuous 
learning  and  adaptation.  Our  sustainable",
"reflects 
the 
impact  of  our  ongoing  decarbonisation",,
,,"partner with us on responsible practices, and to our loyal"
,"packaging  program,  for  example,  has  progressed  well,",
"roadmap,  which 
includes  energy  efficiency  upgrades",,
,with our brands and group supply chain reviewing private,customers who inspire us to do better.
across our store network.,,
,brand  packaging  to  identify  more  sustainable  solutions.,
,,We  extend  our  gratitude  to  every  individual  who  has
"Further, the commencement of market-based reporting","However,  efforts  to  fully  optimise  packaging  using  100",
,,contributed  to  the  significant  progress  outlined  in  this
"will 
significantly 
enhance 
the 
transparency  of  our",per  cent  recyclable  and  50  per  cent  recycled  content,
,,report.  Your  commitment  and  passion  are  the  driving
"Scope  2  emissions  disclosure,  aligning  with  stakeholder","have  been 
constrained  by 
industry-wide 
challenges",
,,force behind our achievements.
expectations for progress towards net zero emissions. In,"including regulatory hurdles, existing infrastructure gaps,",
"preparation for Reasonable Assurance in future years, we",and material availability.,"We 
are 
confident 
that 
by 
continuing 
to 
embed"
also  undertook  additional assurance  procedures  on  our,,"sustainability 
into 
our 
strategic 
decision-making,"
,"Similarly, 
responsible  sourcing 
remains  a 
focus  area",
Scope 1 and 2 emissions reporting.,,"investing in innovative solutions, and fostering a culture"
,"as  we  navigate  the 
inherent  complexity  of  achieving",
,,"of  responsibility,  Super  Retail  Group  will  not  only  meet"
"In  FY25,  we  completed  85  per  cent  of  our  planned",supply  chain  transparency  and  embedding  responsible,
,,the  evolving  expectations  of  our  stakeholders  but  also
"climate 
initiatives,  with  achievements 
including 
the","purchasing 
practices.  We 
face 
ongoing 
challenges",
,,"create enduring value for our business, our communities,"
"establishment  of 
the  Australian  Reporting  Standards","in  balancing  activities 
that 
reduce 
risks  within  our",
"(ASRS)  working  group, 
commencing  a 
supply 
chain","supply  chain,  the  growing  appetite  of  our  brands  for",and the planet.
climate risk assessment and and enhancing scope 3 data,"product  diversification,  and  the  existing 
limitations  of",
measurement.,our  technology  and  data.  We  are  committed  to  further,
,investment and collaboration in these areas.,
"Beyond  operational  and  environmental  performance,",,
our  brands  remain  deeply  invested  in  the  communities,"Looking ahead, while our 2030 Sustainability Framework",
"we serve. Through our community investment programs,","continues  to  guide  our  sustainable  business  practices,",
"we 
contributed 
over 
$3.15  million 
to 
community","our  double  materiality  exercise,  which  we  commenced",
organisations  across  Australia  and  New  Zealand  during,"in  the  second  half  of  this  year,  will  support  a  refreshed",
the year. Our brands support programs and partners that,"sustainability framework, coupled with the development",
,,"Judith Swales 
Anthony Heraghty"
reflect their purpose and resonate with the passions of,"of  strategic  roadmaps  to  2030.  We 
look 
forward  to",
,,"Chair
Group Managing Director and"
"our  customers  and  team  members,  with  this  alignment",sharing that with you in next year’s report.,
,,Chief Executive Officer

=== Table 2 (page 42) ===
Climate,
"As one of Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailers, we",
are committed to contributing to global efforts to mitigate,
climate change.,
"Our  program  of  work  remains 
focused  on",increasing
our  understanding  of  the  risks  and  opportunities  that,
"climate  change  presents  for  our  business,  as  well  as",
"reducing  our  environmental 
impact.  Work",to  extend
our Decarbonisation Roadmap to Scope 3 emissions has,
"commenced,  and  we  have  started  engaging  with  key",
stakeholders,in  our  value  chain  to  understand  where
opportunities to reduce these emissions may be found.,
Super  Retail  Group  will  report  under  the  mandatory,
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS) AASB,
S2 Climate-related Disclosures in FY26.,
Further  information  on  our  approach  to  climate  change,
can be found in our FY25 Annual Report.,

=== Table 3 (page 43) ===
customer offering,,
,While Scope 3 emissions are not part of SRG’s net-zero,"In  FY25  we 
implemented  a 
range  of 
initiatives,"
Why it matters,,
,"(Scope  1  and  2)  emissions  target,  in  FY25,  we  have",including:
Australia and New Zealand are especially vulnerable to,,
,validated  our  understanding  of  the  primary  sources,
"the effects of climate change, with extreme weather",,"• 
1.55MWp rooftop solar PV installed at Truganina"
,"of our most material and relevant Scope 3 emissions,",
"events 
such  as  heatwaves, 
storms  and  flooding",,"DC.  Once  fully  operational  (expected 
in  FY26)"
,with the assistance of an external provider. This has,
increasing  risks  across  our  property  portfolio  and,,estimated renewable energy generation equal to
,formed  the  basis  of  our  Scope  3  carbon  inventory,
supply chain. Reducing our emissions is an important,,"2,000MWh per annum."
,and enhanced our understanding of category specific,
"part  of 
limiting  the  disruption  caused  by  climate",,
,"emission 
impacts.  Using 
this 
inventory,  we 
are","• 
Emissions 
reduction 
initiatives: 
small 
scale"
change  and  is  a  key  component  of  our  Framework.,,
,identifying  opportunities  to  work  with  stakeholders,"rooftop solar, LED lighting/controls upgrades and"
We have committed to achieving net zero greenhouse,,
,on  emission  reduction  across  the  value  chain  and,Building  Management  System  (BMS)  upgrades
gas emissions from our own operations (Scope 1 and,,
,"extend  our  decarbonisation  roadmap 
to  consider","which, in combination, is estimated to save over"
"2)  by  2030,  and  continue  to 
implement  emission",,
,emissions from our supply chain.,"1,300 MWh in grid imported electricity annually."
reduction initiatives across our property network.,,
,,"• 
100  per  cent  renewable  electricity  contracted"
,Decarbonisation roadmap,
Our approach,,for  all  New  Zealand  sites  where  Super  Retail
,Our  decarbonisation  roadmap  sets  the  foundation,
,,Group  has  direct  access  to  contract  electricity
"The  majority 
(greater 
than  95  per  cent)  of  our",,
,"from  which  we  diligently  evaluate  and 
implement",
,,agreements.
combined  Scope  1  and  2  emissions  relate  to  grid,,
,opportunities  to  reduce  Scope  1  and  2  emissions.,
"imported  electricity  consumed  by  our  retail  stores,",,"• 
Macpac 
achieved 
the 
Toitū  Carbon  Reduce"
,As  we  strive  for  our  target  for  net  zero  emissions,
support  offices  and  distribution  centres  (collectively,,"independent  certification 
in  November  2024,"
,"by  2030,  we  continue  to  take  considered  steps  in",
"“sites”). 
These 
sites 
are 
leased 
from 
property",,which is valid until February 2027.
,recognising actions that can be realised in the short,
landlords  and  include  individual  tenancies  and  are,,
,term  and  those  which  require  us  to  play  the  long,
,,"• 
Developed a building services fit out specification,"
"located  within 
shopping 
centres 
or 
standalone",,
,game to unlock long-term value.,
,,"setting  minimum 
expectations 
for 
energy"
"large 
format 
retail 
stores, 
industrial  distribution",,
,,"efficiency  which  will  be  embedded 
into  new"
warehouses or tenancies within a commercial office,In  FY25  whilst  our  site  floor  area  increased  (up  7%,
,,store fit out projects commencing design in FY26.
building.  We  also  consume  a  small  amount  of  gas,"on  FY24),  total  group  emissions  (Scopes  1  and  2)",
,,The specification sets performance requirements
"(piped and bottled) for heating, fuels (for temporary",increased  by  only  1.2%  in  FY25.  This  is  reflective  of,
,,"for  HVAC  and 
lighting, 
in  addition  to  building"
"power  and  transportation),  and  refrigerants  (in  our",the ongoing positive impact of emissions reductions,
,,thermal  performance  improvements  (insulation
"air  conditioning  systems),  all  of  which  contribute  to",initiatives  from  our  decarbonisation  roadmap  plus,
,,"and 
solar-reflective 
roof 
coatings).  Where"
Scope  1  emissions.  Our  ability  to  action  emission,a  reduction  in  the  consumption  of  natural  gas  and,
,,"suitable, new  stores  will require  the installation"
reduction  opportunities  can  vary  depending  on  the,"refrigerants. 
In  addition,  the  commencement  this",
,,of  on-site  renewable  power  (rooftop  solar)  and
property type and leasing arrangement.,year  of  market-based  reporting  will  enhance  our,
,,Building Monitoring and Control System (BMCS)
,Scope  2  emissions  disclosure.  This  approach  aligns,
,,capabilities to manage HVAC and lighting.
,with  market  expectations  for  transparency  on  our,
,progress toward net zero emissions.,

=== Table 4 (page 44) ===
energy efficiency of our operations.,,
,Figure 1 - Load profile analysis for BCF Kawana Superstore,
,,Sustainable design at Truganina
,,Our new distribution centre at Truganina was designed with sustainability in mind and is targeting a 5 Star Green Star Buildings
,,rating which is recognised as ‘Australian Excellence’ by Green Building Council of Australia.
,,"As a key part of Super Retail Group’s future supply network strategy, the Truganina DC delivers operational efficiencies beyond"
,,"our existing facilities, helping reduce supply chain costs, improve home delivery times, and minimise reliance on external"
,,storage.
,,"Aligned with our 2030 net zero emissions target (scope 1 and 2), the facility features 1.55 megawatts of rooftop solar PV"
,,"panels—enough to power approximately 350 homes annually and reduce carbon emissions by around 1,500 tonnes CO₂-e"
Looking forward,,
,,"per year. Covering 40 per cent of the roof, the solar system powers all base building needs, including air conditioning, lighting,"
,,"and advanced automation equipment, with potential capacity for future expansion. The building also includes electric vehicle"
Key activities for FY26 include:,,
,,charging bays.
•,Review and update decarbonisation roadmap to,
,,Energy-efficient  lighting  and  abundant  daylight  enhance  team  member  wellbeing  while  reducing  energy  use.  A  real-time
,ensure it remains fit for purpose.,
,,energy and water monitoring system provides operational visibility to detect and prevent wastage early.
•,Develop a renewable electricity strategy to meet,"Water  efficiency  is  addressed  through  two  50,000  litre  rainwater  tanks,  supplying  irrigation  for  landscaping  and  office"
,our 2030 net zero target.,"amenities. Waste reduction initiatives include optimised bin placement and recycling programs, with a target to recycle or"
,,reuse at least 90 per cent of construction waste from the development.
•,Implement building services fit out specification.,
•,"Review  electrification  opportunities 
for 
sites",
,using natural gas.,
,,"Figure 1 – Load profile analysis for BCF Kawana Superstore, showing reduction in daily energy consumption and peak loads following commissioning of"
•,Electrification of distribution centre forklifts.,new plant and controls from April 9th 2025.

=== Table 5 (page 45) ===
Understanding our Scope 3 footprint,,,
Our  Scope  3  emissions  make  up  approximately  95  per,,that while partner factories vary in their decarbonisation,"• 
Process 
improvements 
and 
verification 
using"
"cent of our total carbon inventory, with the largest portion",,"maturity, they are actively committed to sustainability and",recognised international standards such as ISO14001
"coming from the manufacturing, assembly, and packaging",emissions reduction. This includes:,,"Environmental 
Management 
System, 
Forest"
of  the  products  we  sell  (Category  1).  Reducing  these,,,"Stewardship  Council  certified  materials  and 
the"
,•,"Installing 
solar 
panels, 
replacing 
gas 
boilers",
emissions is complex due to the intricacies of our supply,,,Global Recycled Standard.
,,"with 
electric 
alternatives, 
implementing 
power",
chain. While we can influence many areas of our Scope 3,,,
,,"consumption  monitoring  systems,  recycling  waste,","The  collation  of 
this 
information  will  assist  us  with"
"inventory, we do not have direct control over the Factories",,,
,,and redesigning packaging.,establishing a baseline from which to set practical targets
and trade partners involved.,,,
,,,for Scope 3. We also intend to repeat this survey with a
,•,"Voluntary disclosure is happening, with 20 per cent",
"To identify opportunities for reduction, we have engaged",,,broader group of suppliers.
,,of surveyed factories currently tracking and reporting,
"directly  with 
factories 
supplying  our  private  brand",,,
,,their carbon emissions. This outlines a big opportunity,"Further 
information  on  our  energy  and  emissions  can"
"products.  During  the  year,  our  global  sourcing  team  in",,,
,,as a first step for these factories to start by collecting,be found in our FY25 Sustainability Data Pack. For more
China  conducted  a  sustainability  and  carbon  emissions,,,
,,and  verifying  energy  and  emissions  data.  In  taking,information  on  our  progress  to  enhance  our  Scope  3
"survey  with  280 
factories  across  150 
trade  partners",,,
,,"these  first  steps,  businesses  equipped  with  greater","emissions calculations, see the climate section of our FY25"
supplying  our  Direct  Imports  and  Private  Brand  goods.,,,
,,data visibility will be better positioned to identify and,Annual Report.
"With  a  93  per  cent  response  rate,  the  survey  covered",,,
,,review emissions reduction opportunities. In doing so,
"environmental 
certifications, 
electricity 
sourcing 
and",,,
,,these businesses are demonstrating their alignment,
"renewable energy plans, waste reduction initiatives, water",,,
,,with  our  strategic  vision  for  decarbonisation  across,
"usage, and emissions reporting. The results demonstrate",,,
,,not only our business but also our supply value chain.,

=== Table 6 (page 45) ===
Our  Scope  3  emissions  make  up  approximately  95  per,,that while partner factories vary in their decarbonisation,"• 
Process 
improvements 
and 
verification 
using"
"cent of our total carbon inventory, with the largest portion",,"maturity, they are actively committed to sustainability and",recognised international standards such as ISO14001
"coming from the manufacturing, assembly, and packaging",emissions reduction. This includes:,,"Environmental 
Management 
System, 
Forest"
of  the  products  we  sell  (Category  1).  Reducing  these,,,"Stewardship  Council  certified  materials  and 
the"
,•,"Installing 
solar 
panels, 
replacing 
gas 
boilers",
emissions is complex due to the intricacies of our supply,,,Global Recycled Standard.
,,"with 
electric 
alternatives, 
implementing 
power",
chain. While we can influence many areas of our Scope 3,,,
,,"consumption  monitoring  systems,  recycling  waste,","The  collation  of 
this 
information  will  assist  us  with"
"inventory, we do not have direct control over the Factories",,,
,,and redesigning packaging.,establishing a baseline from which to set practical targets
and trade partners involved.,,,
,,,for Scope 3. We also intend to repeat this survey with a
,•,"Voluntary disclosure is happening, with 20 per cent",
"To identify opportunities for reduction, we have engaged",,,broader group of suppliers.
,,of surveyed factories currently tracking and reporting,
"directly  with 
factories 
supplying  our  private  brand",,,
,,their carbon emissions. This outlines a big opportunity,"Further 
information  on  our  energy  and  emissions  can"
"products.  During  the  year,  our  global  sourcing  team  in",,,
,,as a first step for these factories to start by collecting,be found in our FY25 Sustainability Data Pack. For more
China  conducted  a  sustainability  and  carbon  emissions,,,
,,and  verifying  energy  and  emissions  data.  In  taking,information  on  our  progress  to  enhance  our  Scope  3
"survey  with  280 
factories  across  150 
trade  partners",,,
,,"these  first  steps,  businesses  equipped  with  greater","emissions calculations, see the climate section of our FY25"
supplying  our  Direct  Imports  and  Private  Brand  goods.,,,
,,data visibility will be better positioned to identify and,Annual Report.
"With  a  93  per  cent  response  rate,  the  survey  covered",,,
,,review emissions reduction opportunities. In doing so,
"environmental 
certifications, 
electricity 
sourcing 
and",,,
,,these businesses are demonstrating their alignment,
"renewable energy plans, waste reduction initiatives, water",,,
,,with  our  strategic  vision  for  decarbonisation  across,
"usage, and emissions reporting. The results demonstrate",,,
,,not only our business but also our supply value chain.,

=== Table 7 (page 51) ===
Appendix A – Subject Matter,,Material,,,
,,,GRI Indicator,,Selected sustainability metrics
,,Topic,,,
FY25 performance data relating to the below selected sustainability metrics:,,,,,
,,Circular,GRI 306-3: Total waste,▪,Total waste generated (tonnes)
,,Economy,generated (tonnes),,
Material,,,,,
GRI Indicator,Selected sustainability metrics,,,,
Topic,,,GRI 305-1: Direct (Scope,▪,Scope 1 emissions (tCO2e)
,,,1) GHG emissions,,
"GRI 418-1: Substantiated 
▪",Complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the,,,,
,,,GRI 305-2: Energy indirect,▪,Scope 2 emissions (location based) (tCO2e)
complaints concerning,organization (#),,,,
,,,(Scope 2) GHG emissions,,
"Governance 
breaches of customer",,,,,
▪,Complaints from regulatory bodies (#),,,,
privacy and losses of,,,,,
▪,"Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data (#)",,,▪,Total reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (location based) emissions from prior
customer data,,,,,
,,,GRI 305-5: Reduction of,,reporting period (tCO2e)
,,Climate,,,
,,,GHG emissions,▪,Total reduction in Scope 1 and 2 (location based) emissions from baseline year
,Number and rate of recordable and high-consequence work-related injuries (Team,,,,
,,,,,(tCO2e)
,and Non-team Members),,,,
▪,,,N/A – aligned to National,▪,Total energy consumption (GJ)
,Total recordable injuries (TRI) (#),,,,
,,,Greenhouse and Energy,,
"▪
GRI 403-9: Work-related","Total recordable injury frequency rate (TRIFR) (per 1,000,000 hours worked)",,,,
,,,(Measurement),,
"injuries 
▪",High-consequence work-related injuries (#),,Determination 2008 (2024,,
▪,"High-consequence work-related injury rate (per 1,000,000 hours worked)",,update),,
▪,Fatalities as a result of work-related injury (#),,,,