=== Page 5 ===
5
2025 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS REPORTFY25 highlights *
People Planet
TRIFR Reduction in 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
emissions from FY17
I Am Here  
ambassadorsRecycled engine oil
(litres) Supercheap Auto
Female  
representation:  
senior leadershipRecycled sports shoes  
rebel
rebel funds raised  
for LifelineMacpac Fund for GoodTeam member 
engagementWaste diversion  
from landfill
Female 
representation: BoardRecycled car batteries  
Supercheap Auto
Average  Gender  
Pay Gap‘Refuse a bag’  
Macpac
Supercheap Auto 
funds raisedBCF funds raised  
for OzFish12.1 22%
64% 1,488,297 
41% 170,593
$652,00081 65.9%
50% 168,778
3.2% 3.6m
$1.39m $323,000Improvement from 
14.5 in FY24
since 2018of people  
leadersup from  
62.3% in FY24
compared to  
retail industry  
mid-point average 
of 10.6 per cent**
**  Compared to retail industry mid-point average of 10.6 
per cent https://www.wgea.gov.au/sites/default/files/
documents/WGEA-Employer-gender-pay-gaps-report-
FINAL.pdf
***  Raised for Beyond Blue, HeartKids and the Australian 
Road Safety Foundation*  Further detail can be found in our  
FY25 Sustainability Data Pack78% participation rate
$683,000***
AUD AUD AUD AUDFor personal use only

=== Page 7 ===
7
2025 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS REPORTWe also made meaningful strides in the decarbonisation 
of the Group. Despite a 7 per cent increase in our total 
floor area compared to FY24, our total Group emissions 
(Scopes 1 and 2) increased by only 1.2 per cent in the past 
12 months. The decoupling of growth from emissions 
reflects the impact of our ongoing decarbonisation 
roadmap, which includes energy efficiency upgrades 
across our store network. 
Further, the commencement of market-based reporting 
will significantly enhance the transparency of our 
Scope 2 emissions disclosure, aligning with stakeholder 
expectations for progress towards net zero emissions. In 
preparation for Reasonable Assurance in future years, we 
also undertook additional assurance procedures on our 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions reporting. 
In FY25, we completed 85 per cent of our planned 
climate initiatives, with achievements including the 
establishment of the Australian Reporting Standards 
(ASRS) working group, commencing a supply chain 
climate risk assessment and and enhancing scope 3 data 
measurement.  
Beyond operational and environmental performance, 
our brands remain deeply invested in the communities 
we serve. Through our community investment programs, 
we contributed over $3.15 million to community 
organisations across Australia and New Zealand during 
the year. Our brands support programs and partners that 
reflect their purpose and resonate with the passions of 
our customers and team members, with this alignment fostering positive social impact where it matters most  
to them.
While we celebrate these achievements, we also 
acknowledge that our sustainability journey is one of 
continuous learning and adaptation. Our sustainable 
packaging program, for example, has progressed well, 
with our brands and group supply chain reviewing private 
brand packaging to identify more sustainable solutions. 
However, efforts to fully optimise packaging using 100 
per cent recyclable and 50 per cent recycled content 
have been constrained by industry-wide challenges 
including regulatory hurdles, existing infrastructure gaps, 
and material availability. 
Similarly, responsible sourcing remains a focus area 
as we navigate the inherent complexity of achieving 
supply chain transparency and embedding responsible 
purchasing practices. We face ongoing challenges 
in balancing activities that reduce risks within our 
supply chain, the growing appetite of our brands for 
product diversification, and the existing limitations of 
our technology and data. We are committed to further 
investment and collaboration in these areas.
Looking ahead, while our 2030 Sustainability Framework 
continues to guide our sustainable business practices, 
our double materiality exercise, which we commenced 
in the second half of this year, will support a refreshed 
sustainability framework, coupled with the development 
of strategic roadmaps to 2030. We look forward to 
sharing that with you in next year’s report. As a business, we remain committed to a more  
sustainable future and responsible business practices. 
Improved performance requires collaboration across 
the entire Group – from our dedicated team members 
who embody our values every day, to our suppliers who 
partner with us on responsible practices, and to our loyal 
customers who inspire us to do better.
We extend our gratitude to every individual who has 
contributed to the significant progress outlined in this 
report. Your commitment and passion are the driving 
force behind our achievements.
We are confident that by continuing to embed 
sustainability into our strategic decision-making, 
investing in innovative solutions, and fostering a culture 
of responsibility, Super Retail Group will not only meet 
the evolving expectations of our stakeholders but also 
create enduring value for our business, our communities, 
and the planet.
 Judith Swales  
ChairAnthony Heraghty  
Group Managing Director and  
Chief Executive Officer
For personal use only

=== Page 8 ===
8
2025 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS REPORTOur 2030 Sustainability 
Framework
Our brands support 
community programs  
and partners that reflect 
their unique purpose  
and resonate with the 
passions of our customers 
and team members.COMMUNITYTEAM
We are committed to 
fostering a safe, diverse and 
inclusive workplace where 
our people can grow, thrive 
and build successful careers.
As one of Australia and 
New Zealand’s largest 
retailers, we are committed 
to contributing to global 
efforts to mitigate climate 
change. We have a 2030 net 
zero (Scope 1 and 2) target 
and are actively working 
on our Scope 3 emissions 
measurement and 
management approach.Adopting circular economy 
principles means designing 
and sourcing more 
sustainably—using better 
materials, improving 
durability, reducing waste, 
and reducing our reliance 
on landfill.We are committed to 
building a more transparent 
and responsible supply 
chain, supported by strong 
environmental, social and 
governance practices that 
benefit our team members, 
customers, trade partners, 
service providers, and the 
communities in which we 
operate.
CLIMATERESPONSIBLE  
SOURCING
CIRCULAR  
ECONOMY1 2 3
5 6 7
8 910 11 124
GOVERNANCE
PEOPLE
PLANETTEAMCOMMUNITYRESPONSIBLESOURCING
CIRCULAR
ECONOMYCLIMATEOur 
Sustainability  
Framework  
2030For personal use only

=== Page 11 ===
11
2025 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS REPORTStrong governance is fundamental in delivering our 
strategic and sustainability goals and provides the 
platform for the way we work. The Group continues 
to embed our sustainability commitments and 
priorities into both our strategy and risk management 
approach. 
The Board is committed to effective oversight of the 
management, performance and corporate governance 
framework of the Group. The Board is responsible for 
overseeing the Company’s strategy and approach to 
managing sustainability and climate-related risks and 
opportunities including approving the Framework, 
among its other responsibilities. For details about the 
Board’s roles and responsibilities, see the FY25 Super 
Retail Group Corporate Governance Statement . 
The Board Risk and Sustainability Committee (BRSC) 
assists the Board to discharge its responsibilities 
in relation to risk management, compliance, 
sustainability, and corporate governance. The 
Committee meets at least three times per year and 
provides oversight of the Group’s Framework and 
material sustainability topics. The BRSC reviews 
and makes recommendations to the Board on 
significant sustainability-related reports, as well as the disclosure of material business risks and 
material public disclosures made under external 
sustainability reporting frameworks and standards. 
This includes climate-related disclosures, ensuring 
they are integrated into overall risk management 
and governance frameworks and that accountability 
is held at the Board level, in line with regulatory 
developments and stakeholder expectations. 
Sustainability, including climate, is also discussed in 
quarterly ELT meetings. Working groups are in place 
across the business, focused on the implementation 
and delivery of the Group’s sustainability goals and 
climate priorities. In FY25, the emissions working 
group was merged with the newly formed Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) working 
group, which focuses on mandatory climate reporting 
under ASRS, and decarbonising our operations and 
building climate resilience. The ASRS working group 
is a collaborative and cross functional working group 
spanning each area of the business and meets 
periodically. Matters that require decision or approval 
are escalated to the ELT as appropriate. The ELT and 
working groups receive advice and support from 
the Group’s sustainability team. Monthly executive 
reporting on sustainability strengthens governance by ensuring regular oversight, accountability and 
alignment with strategic objectives. 
For more information about how sustainability-related 
risks are managed using the Group Risk Management 
Framework, please refer to the risk management 
section of the FY25 Annual Report.
Product safety
We take responsibility for every product we sell, 
which is why all our trade partners are required to 
comply with our product compliance requirements. 
A well established product testing regime is in place 
for our private brand products to address applicable 
regulatory standards. Product testing is conducted 
either in-house or at third-party testing facilities. 
In FY25, we initiated three voluntary recalls for 
private brand products. These actions reflect our 
commitment to product safety and are consistent 
with the principles outlined in our Product Safety and 
Quality Policy, which guides our approach to managing 
product risks and maintaining high standards across 
our supply chain. Additional information regarding 
product recalls is available in our Sustainability  
Data Pack . Governance
For personal use only

=== Page 13 ===
13
2025 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS REPORTSustainability 
Governance Model We have an established sustainability governance structure (see chart below) and key sustainability 
performance indicators based on the goals and targets of our 2030 Sustainability Framework which 
are monitored and reported to the Executive Leadership Team and the Board.  
This structure enables the Board to oversee progress to plan and monitor our risks.  
THE BOARD
Responsible for reviewing and approving the Framework and Goals, monitoring risks in line with the Group’s Risk 
Appetite Statement, and monitoring the effectiveness of the implementation of our sustainability program.
Responsible for overall execution of the Group’s strategy, 
which includes sustainability as a key enabler of value. 
Responsible for reporting on the 2030 Sustainability 
Framework including sustainability-related goals and targets.Responsible for material climate transition and physical 
risks and direct responsibility for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 
management and implementation of climate and sustainability-
related financial reporting.Accountable  for managing sustainability-related risks and 
opportunity areas as they relate to the relevant brand 
strategies and operations. 
Responsible for leading the development 
of the sustainability framework, program, 
tracking progress, preparing reports, 
stakeholder engagement, developing 
standards and providing training. GROUP SUSTAINABILITY TEAM
Responsible for tracking and disclosing 
financial impacts of ESG initiatives and 
report on cost benefits of sustainability 
mitigation and adaptation.GROUP FINANCEGROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER BRAND MANAGING DIRECTORSResponsible for assisting the Board to 
discharge its responsibilities in relation 
to audit, external reporting and financial 
governance.  BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE  
Responsible for embedding 
sustainability-related risks into the 
Risk Management Framework.GROUP RISK TEAM
Responsible for integrating 
sustainability considerations into 
business strategy and growth.GROUP STRATEGY TEAMResponsible for assisting the Board to 
discharge its responsibilities in relation to 
risk management, compliance, sustainability 
and corporate governance. Responsible for ensuring there  
is the required mix of skills and experience 
on the Board in areas such as risk and 
sustainability.Responsible for making recommendations 
on the overall human resources strategy 
related to matters of sustainability including 
the remuneration approach.BOARD RISK AND  
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE  BOARD HUMAN RESOURCES AND  
REMUNERATION COMMITTEENOMINATION COMMITTEE  For personal use only