=== Table 1 (page 4) ===
,Climate-related risks and
Governance,
,opportunities that form part of our
,ELT accountabilities include:
,CEO
Board oversight,Accountable for the delivery of climate-related
The SGL Board and the Vero Insurance New Zealand Limited Board (VINZL) each,risk management within Suncorp’s strategy and
have their own regular schedule of meetings throughout the financial year to,business plan. Accountable for overall strategy
,and corporate governance of the group.
discuss matters outlined in their respective charters. They have oversight of climate-,
"related risks and opportunities across Australia and New Zealand respectively, and",
,CFO
are accountable for the approval of climate-related targets and annual climate-,
,Accountable for delivering climate-related targets
related disclosure reports. They delegate authority to their own respective Board,
,and sensitive sector exclusions for Suncorp’s
Risk and Audit Committees through their charters1 for specific governance activities.,investment portfolios. Accountable for partnering
,with the business in delivery of climate-related
"The SGL Board Risk Committee (BRC) meets at least four times per year, and",
,"disclosures, and the accounting and reporting of"
approves the risk appetite for climate-related risk and oversees management of,
,financed emissions. Accountable for the delivery
these risks including transition and physical risks. The BRC reviews and approves,
,of the climate scenario analysis. Accountable for
climate scenario analysis and outcomes.,
,"the reinsurance program, capital management"
,and financial reporting.
"The SGL Board Audit Committee meets at least four times per year, and",
recommends updates or changes in relation to climate-related reporting and,
,"CE People, Legal & Corporate Services"
other sustainability matters to the SGL Board.,
,"Accountable for delivering Scope 1, 2 &"
,upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions (excluding
"In FY25, the SGL Board and its Committees considered a wide range of key",
,financed emissions). Oversees performance
climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities impacting,
,"against Suncorp’s Scope 1 & 2 net-zero target,"
"reinsurance, natural hazard allowances, risk selection and pricing, climate-related",
,including the purchase of renewable electricity.
"regulatory change, and climate transition targets.",
,Accountable for procurement suppliers’
,engagement. Accountable for the provision of
Board Skills,legal advice in climate-related disclosures.
"The board skills matrix outlines the current skills and expertise of the Board, including",
,CE Consumer Insurance
in areas relevant to the management of physical and transition risks. It covers a,
,Accountable for delivering pricing and analytics
"range of categories, such as strategy; major change and transformation, regulatory",
,for consumer insurance portfolios. Oversees end-to-
environment; risk management; customer outcomes; sustainability; and accounting,
,end customer experience including consumer home
and financial reporting. The Board skills matrix and annual self-assessment are,and motor claims and natural hazard response.
"designed to ensure the Board has the capability to identify, assess and monitor",Accountable for engagement with claims suppliers.
responses to existing and emerging risks and opportunities arising from environmental,Oversees delivery of Suncorp’s resilient Australia
and social issues.,advocacy strategy.
,CE Commercial & Personal
Management role,
,Injury Insurance
Suncorp’s Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is responsible for identifying and,Accountable for delivering natural hazard
managing climate-related risks and opportunities across the organisation.,pricing and analytics for commercial insurance
,portfolios. Oversees end-to-end customer
"Where required, these matters may be escalated to relevant ELT management",
,"experience, including commercial and"
"committees, such as the Executive Risk Committee, and, if appropriate, further",
,personal injury claims response. Accountable
to the Suncorp Group Limited Board or its committees. The ELT is supported in,
,for implementing Sensitive Sector Standard
these responsibilities by recommendations and advice from both internal and,
,exclusions within commercial underwriting.
"external experts, as well as input from business governance committees including",
the Responsible Investment Committee and AASB S22 Steering Committee.,CRO Suncorp
"These processes are underpinned by a suite of internal policies, controls, and",Accountable for setting Suncorp’s risk
"procedures, developed in line with Suncorp’s broader standards, to guide the",management frameworks. Oversees the first
Group’s response to climate-related risks and opportunities.,"line of defence on risk management activities,"
,"including climate-related risk, advocacy and"
While there are no standalone climate-related measures in Suncorp’s executive,
,reports to the SGL Board Risk Committee.
"remuneration framework, appropriate consideration and management of climate-",
"related physical risks can impact executive remuneration outcomes. For example,",CEO Suncorp New Zealand
,Accountable for Suncorp New Zealand's
indirect links to physical risk are embedded in risk management performance,
,"climate-related strategy, business planning, risks"
measures in the executive remuneration framework and Suncorp’s scorecard.,
,"and opportunities, and performance against"
,"climate-related commitments and targets,"
,including Sensitive Sector Standard exclusions
,within commercial underwriting. Accountable for
"1.  
Suncorp governance and policies, https://www.suncorpgroup.com.au/about/corporate-governance.",
,meeting Suncorp New Zealand climate-related
"2.  
Australian Accounting Standards Board, Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard -",
,obligations and Suncorp climate-related policies
"AASB S2, https://standards.aasb.gov.au/aasb-s2-sep-2024.",
,and standards.
4     Climate Report FY2024-25,

=== Table 2 (page 11) ===
Climate Transition Plan
"Suncorp’s Climate Transition Plan focuses on our operations, investment portfolio and supply chain. The new and updated targets (refer to"
"the table below) replace our previous Climate Change Action Plan, with prior commitments either achieved or revised."
Suncorp is preparing to adhere to the mandatory climate reporting requirements outlined by the Australian Sustainability Reporting
Standards. We note that the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) is determining whether Scope 3 insurance-associated emissions
"relating to the underwriting of our customers must be included. Accordingly, Suncorp will defer any decision regarding the disclosure of"
insurance-associated emissions until the AASB has issued its determination.

=== Table 3 (page 11) ===
Value chain,Scope,Status,Action
,Reduce our Scope 1 & 2 absolute emissions to,Existing,
,,,Target
,"net-zero by end FY30, from an FY20 baseline.",restated,
Operations,RE100 commitment to purchase 100% renewable,,
,,Existing,Target
,electricity across our operations in 2025.,,
,Analyse the climate commitments and progress of,,
,our major procurement suppliers by spend to build,New,Monitor
,our understanding of their climate maturity.,,
Procurement and,Engage our property claims panel builders and,,
claims suppliers,motor claims mobility suppliers that support our,,
,,New,Engage
,Australian operations to continue to build our,,
,understanding of their climate maturity.,,
,Target an emissions intensity of listed equities,,
,and corporate bonds portfolio (sub portfolio),,
,(investees’ Scope 1 & 2 emissions) to be at least,New,Target
,"60% lower at the end of FY30, compared to the",,
,emissions intensity of the sub portfolio in FY20.,,
,Engage with 100% of our external investment,,
,managers each year to foster open dialogue on,New,Engage
,climate objectives.,,
Investments,,,
,Invest 5% of shareholder funds in social- and,,
,,Existing,Target
,lower-carbon impact investments.,,
,Apply fossil fuel exclusions across aspects of our,,
,,Existing,
,investment portfolio through Suncorp’s Sensitive,,Exclusion
,,revised,
,Sector Standard.1,,
,Apply fossil fuel exclusions across aspects of,,
,,Existing,
,our commercial underwriting portfolio through,,Exclusion
,,revised,
,Suncorp’s Sensitive Sector Standard.1,,
Insurance portfolios,,,

=== Table 4 (page 12) ===
a restated FY20 baseline.,,,,
Scope 1 & 2 net-zero performance restated,,,,
,"FY201, 2","FY231, 2","FY241, 2","FY251, 4"
Scope 1,"1,731","1,419","1,324","1,245"
Scope 2 (market-based),"11,348","1,949",848,718
Scope 2 (location-based),"14,751","9,802","8,333","6,074"
Scope 1 & 2 (market-based) tCo2-e3,"13,078","3,368","2,172","1,963"
Scope 1 & 2 (market-based) % reduced from FY20 baseline,0,74%,83%,85%

=== Table 5 (page 14) ===
Investments portfolio
"As a regulated entity, Suncorp is required to meet APRA’s Prudential Standards for financial resilience. This includes appropriate investment"
"strategies such as holding sufficient Australian assets (e.g., Australian equities, bonds, and property) to meet its total liabilities in Australia."
"As such, this has an influence on the assets we are required to invest in."
Suncorp’s investments portfolio as of 30 June 2025 had AUD $19.6 billion in funds under management (FUM).
Investment emissions reporting
"Since 2019, Suncorp has been disclosing the emissions performance of its Australian and global listed equities using a tCO2-e/US$M revenue"
"intensity metric. In FY22, we expanded our reporting to include Australian corporate bonds. Over the past year, we revised our methodology"
to an economic intensity metric of tCO2-e/A$M invested in line with the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) financed
"emissions measurement of listed equities and corporate bonds. The calculations include investees’ Scope 1 & 2 emissions, where data is"
"available, but does not include their Scope 3 emissions."

=== Table 6 (page 14) ===
to an economic intensity metric of tCO2-e/A$M invested in line with the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) financed,,
"emissions measurement of listed equities and corporate bonds. The calculations include investees’ Scope 1 & 2 emissions, where data is",,
"available, but does not include their Scope 3 emissions.",,
Key decision,Historical methodology,Current methodology
Organisational boundary,Operational control,Operational control
Asset class inclusion,Listed Equities and Corporate Bonds,Listed Equities and Corporate Bonds1
,"Global (listed equities only),",
Geographical coverage,,Global
,Australia (corporate bonds),
Metric,tCO2-e/US$M revenue2,tCO2-e/A$M invested3
Scope inclusion,Scope 1 and 2,Scope 1 and 2
PCAF data quality inclusion,Scores 1 and 2,Scores 1 - 5
Attribution factor denominator,Revenue,Enterprise value including cash (EVIC)
Currency,USD,AUD
Reporting date,31 March (Current reporting period),30 June (Prior reporting period)4

=== Table 7 (page 15) ===
,,Our engagement process is aligned with our overall performance
Investments sub portfolio target,,
,,objectives for our external investment managers.
,,Engagement with our external investment managers will include:
Suncorp has set a target for the emissions intensity,,
of its listed equities and corporate bonds portfolio,Ά,increasing our understanding of how they represent our long-
(sub portfolio) (investees’ Scope 1 & 2 emissions) to,,term climate objectives
"be at least 60% lower at the end of FY30, compared",Ά,seeking to achieve longer-term alignment between the
to the emissions intensity of the sub portfolio in FY20.,,investment managers overall climate ambitions and our own
,,Ά promoting conversations on climate-related risks and
In setting our target for the sub portfolio (listed equities and,,
,,opportunities across our portfolio
"corporate bonds), we referenced the New-Zero Asset Owner Alliance",,
,,"Ά promoting active engagement with investee companies,"
"(NZAOA) target setting protocol1, that recommends setting targets",,
,,including through accessing insights and recommendations
using the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) no or,,
,,to enable proxy voting consistent with the application of our
"limited overshoot global scenarios for 1.5°C2, which corresponds to",,
,,proxy voting principles4
reducing emissions by 40-60 per cent by 2030 compared to 2020.,,
,,Ά developing a process for effective resolution should our portfolio
Suncorp selected a FY20 baseline as it marks the start of,,
,,trajectory become misaligned with our commitments.
Suncorp’s investment portfolio emission reduction efforts with the,,
implementation of the Sensitive Sector Standard – fossil fuel.,,

=== Table 8 (page 16) ===
Sensitive Sector Standard – Fossil Fuels,
"In FY20, Suncorp introduced a Sensitive Sector Standard – Fossil Fuels",Oil & gas exploration and production
(the Standard) which is aimed at gradually reducing our underwriting,"From 1 January 2025, Suncorp will not directly invest or hold"
and investment portfolio exposure to the fossil fuel industry.,investments in the top 25 per cent most emission intensive (Scope
,"1 & 2) oil & gas exploration or production companies globally,"
We have revised the Standard to provide greater clarity and,
,unless the company has a climate transition plan that meets the
"specificity around our commitments, and have introduced a",
,requirements of our CAF once implemented.
framework to assess the climate strategies of investee companies,
,"From 2030, Suncorp will not directly invest or hold investments"
involved in thermal coal generation and oil & gas exploration and,
,in the top 50 per cent of oil & gas exploration or production
production. These changes provide greater transparency and detail,
,companies globally unless the company has a climate transition
around scope of the exclusions and are not expected to materially,
,plan that meets the requirements of our CAF.
change Suncorp's exposure to the fossil fuel industry.,
,"By 2040, Suncorp will not directly invest or hold investments in any"
,oil & gas exploration and production companies globally unless the
Changes and clarifications to the Standard:,
,company has a climate transition plan that meets the requirements
Ά Updated the language around our phase out commitments as,
,of our CAF.
it relates to underwriting or investing in thermal coal and oil &,
,The top percentage of exploration and production companies that
gas exploration and production activities from 1 January 2025.,
,are excluded is determined by measuring the metric tonnes of CO2
Given we have met this commitment in its original form as at the,
,equivalent per million of USD revenue for Scope 1 & 2 emissions
"date of this report, the updated language reflects our ongoing",
,and/or metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent for Scope 1 & 2 emissions.
position from 2025.,This ranking is determined by data sourced from our third-party
,data provider.
"Ά
Improved transparency against the exemptions and limitations",
"applied to our underwriting exclusions. For example, specifying","From August 2020, Suncorp will not directly invest in or hold"
thresholds for our business package insurance asset values and,investments in any companies globally generating more than 5 per
,cent of revenue from direct involvement in unconventional oil & gas
non-fleet motor vehicles.,
,"exploration or production in tar sands, or with production inside the"
"Ά
Formalised a Climate Assessment Framework (CAF) for our",
,Arctic Circle.
investment portfolio to clarify our existing exemption which,
,"From August 2020, Suncorp will not directly invest in or hold"
enables support for companies that are committed to the,
,investments in any company globally who derives revenue from
transition but would otherwise be excluded. Where companies,
,direct involvement in oil & gas exploration or production in the
"meet the requirements of our CAF, they will be eligible for",Great Australian Bight. While it is not possible to use a revenue
"investment by Suncorp, not with standing they may otherwise","threshold due to data screening limitations, screening will take"
have been excluded under our Sensitive Sector Standard. The,"place for exploration permits, leases or production licences from"
,public sources.
framework applies to thermal coal generation companies and,
to the top percentage of companies in oil & gas exploration and,"From 1 July 2025, Suncorp will not directly invest or hold"
production otherwise excluded.,special purpose corporate bonds issued globally to provide
,ring-fenced financing to new or additional oil & gas exploration
Ά Updated our language for new and expanded fossil fuel,
,or production projects.
investment to clarify that these commitments apply to corporate,
bonds that are issued for the primary purpose of providing ring-,
,Exemptions
fenced financing to new or additional thermal coal extraction or,
,The Standard does not apply to:
power generation or oil & gas exploration and production.,
,"Ά
entities that provide capital or financing"

=== Table 9 (page 19) ===
to the timing and availability of third-party data.,,,,,,,
Value chain performance summary,,,,,,,
Metric / target,Type,Scope,Unit,FY23,FY24,FY25,Status
Scope 1 & 2 and upstream Scope 3,,,,,,,
,,,% tCO2-e,,,,
,,% market-based emissions reduced,,,,,
"Scope 1 & 2 net-zero by 20301, 2, 7",Target,,market-,74%,83%,85%,
,,from an FY20 baseline,,,,,
,,,based,,,,
RE100 - 100% renewable electricity,,% renewable electricity,,,,,
,Target,,% MWh,75%,77%,89%1,
by 20257,,generated/ purchased at 30 June,,,,,
"Upstream Scope 3 emissions3, 7",Metric,Total upstream Scope 3 emissions,tCO2-e,"15,980","19,551","17,9641",
Suppliers,,,,,,,
Procurement suppliers measuring,,Operational purchased goods,,,,,4
,Metric,,% suppliers,82%,81%,,
their Scope 1 & 2 emissions,,and services suppliers,,,,,
Procurement suppliers with Scope 1,,Operational purchased goods,,,,,4
,Metric,,% suppliers,74%,79%,,
& 2 commitments,,and services suppliers,,,,,
Investments,,,,,,,
Investments sub portfolio (listed,,,,,,,
,,% emission intensity reduction,,,,,
equities and corporate bonds),,,,,,,
,,of listed equities and corporate,,,,,5
emissions intensity to be at least,Target,,% tCO2-e,75%1,71%1,,
,,bonds (investees' Scope 1 & 2),,,,,
60% lower at the end of FY30,,,,,,,
,,from an FY20 baseline6,,,,,
compared to FY20,,,,,,,
Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity of,,Global listed equities and,tCO2-e/,,,,5
,Metric,,,26.51,30.51,,
listed equities and corporate bonds,,corporate bonds,A$M,,,,
,,Global listed equities and,,,,,5
In-scope FUM for sub-portfolio target,Metric,,A$B,10.6,11.1,,
,,corporate bonds,,,,,
,,Global listed equities and,,,,,5
Sub-portfolio FUM as a % of total FUM,Metric,,% A$B,66%,63%,,
,,corporate bonds,,,,,
,,Global listed equities and,,,,,5
PCAF data quality score,Metric,,1 to 5,2.6,2.2,,
,,corporate bonds,,,,,
At least 5% social- and lower-carbon,,,,,,,
,Target,Shareholder funds invested8,%,6.5%,"7
.2%","7
.5%1",
impact investments,,,,,,,

=== Table 10 (page 19) ===
impact investments,
Target on track,"New target 
Metric measured
Measurement in progress"
1.,"Subject to limited independent assurance by KPMG. Please refer to the assurance opinion included on the Suncorp website, https://www.suncorpgroup.com.au/corporate-"
,responsibility/reports.
2.,Restated due to the recent divestment of Suncorp Bank and Asteron Life resulting in a change to our organisational boundary. Refer to page 12 for additional information.
3.,Measured upstream Scope 3 emission categories include: Category 1 - purchased goods and services (paper only); Category 3 - fuel and energy related activities; Category 5 -
,waste generated in operations; Category 6 - business travel; Category 7 - employee commuting (including work from home); Category 8 - upstream leased assets. Refer to the FY25
,Sustainability Data Pack for further details and associated emissions.
4.,"Procurement supplier percentages are calculated based on total operational spend associated with Scope 3 Category 1 - purchased goods and services, and suppliers within this"
,"boundary ranked by related supplier spend. In FY25, prior year operational spend (FY24) is used. Supplier Scope 1 & 2 emissions and target data is used from the FY23 and FY24"
,"reporting periods, where publicly available. Refer to FY24 metrics"
5.,"For our investment sub-portfolio’s emissions and associated metrics, due to the timing and availability of data, the most recently measured investments metrics rely on FY24 holdings"
,"data and are reported under FY24 performance. For additional detail on methodology, refer to the Investments emissions reporting section on Page 14."
6.,Baseline of 8.1 in-scope FUM (A$B).
"7
.",FY25 GHG metrics reported on a 10+2 basis. FY24 GHG metrics restated from the previously disclosed 10+2 metric to reflect the full FY24 reporting period.
8.,Based on Global Investor Coalition definition. Excludes New Zealand.

=== Table 11 (page 21) ===
Term,Definition
Net-zero,Net-zero emissions are achieved when anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere are balanced by
,"anthropogenic removals over a specified period. Where multiple greenhouse gases are involved, the quantification of net-zero"
,"emissions depends on the climate metric chosen to compare emissions of different gases (such as global warming potential, global"
,"temperature change potential, and others, as well as the chosen time horizon)."
Net-Zero Asset Owner,The UN-convened Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA) is a member-led initiative of institutional investors committed to
Alliance (NZAOA),transitioning their investment portfolios to net-zero GHG emissions by 2050 – consistent with a maximum temperature rise of 1.5°C.
Oil & gas exploration or,The upstream activities of the oil & gas sector. Upstream oil extraction refers to entities whose principal operations include the
production,exploration and development of oil fields for the purposes of extracting and producing crude oil. Upstream gas extraction refers to
,"entities whose principal operations include exploration, development and management of gas fields used for the purpose of natural"
,gas production or liquefied natural gas production. Principal operations are irrespective of the owner of the fossil fuel asset.
,"Upstream activities do not include processing, transportation, storage, power generation, refining, distribution or other activities"
,further downstream.
Procurement suppliers,"Suppliers under Scope 3 Category 1 – purchased goods and services, that support the operations of Suncorp but do not provide"
,goods and services in relation to the provision of claims.
Paris Agreement,"The Paris Agreement is a legally binding international treaty on climate change, which sets long-term goals to limit global warming"
,"to well below 2° Celsius, preferably to 1.5 degrees compared to pre-industrial levels."
Partnership of Carbon,A global partnership of financial institutions that work together to develop and implement a harmonised approach to assess and
Accounting Financials,disclose the GHG emissions associated with their loans and investments.
(PCAF),
RE100,RE100 is a global initiative led by the Climate Group and in partnership with the CDP bringing together companies to commit to
,purchase 100% renewable energy.
Representative,Greenhouse gas emissions and concentration pathways used in climate models to depict different possible futures of climate
Concentration Pathways,change.
(RCPs),
Revenue from direct,Revenue from the investee company itself that is directly involved in a product or service (such as production or distribution) and
involvement,revenue from an involved subsidiary that the company holds more than 50 per cent ownership.
Scope 1 emissions,Scope 1 emissions are measured from direct fuel combustion represented by fuel used in our owned and operated corporate
,vehicles and stationary fuels such as diesel generators used in our buildings.
Scope 2 location-based,Emissions associated with our total electricity consumption using grid average emission factors. This approach does not account
emissions,for our own renewable energy purchased.
Scope 2 market-based,Scope 2 market-based accounts for emissions associated with electricity purchased from the grid plus emission avoidance through
emissions,voluntary action such as renewable electricity generation and purchases. We do this in alignment with the GHG Protocol and
,RE100 Technical Criteria.
Scope 3 emissions,Indirect emissions caused by the operations of an organisation not owned or controlled by Suncorp. These include upstream
,"emissions generated by other organisations in the course of Suncorp’s business and sale of products and services (e.g., business"
,"travel, waste, vehicle parts, employee commuting); as well as downstream emissions that occur in the life cycle of a product/service"
,"after the sale (e.g., investments, sold products, end-of-life treatment). Scope 3 emissions also include financed emissions."
"Short, medium, and",This report refers to ranges of time from now as follows: short term - up to 3 years; medium term - 3 to 20 years; long term - 20 years
long term,and beyond.
Social- and lower-carbon,Lower-carbon investments include Green Bonds that finance environmentally sustainable projects to transition to a lower-carbon
impact investments,"economy. Other lower-carbon assets include renewable energy infrastructure, renewable energy credit and equity securities, and"
,energy efficient real estate. Social impact investments are defined by their dual objective of achieving a measurable social or
,environmental return alongside a financial return. Key underlying aspects include an investor’s intention to have a positive social or
,"environmental impact combined with an expectation of some level of financial return, and the commitment to measure and report"
,the social and environmental performance and progress of underlying investments.
Sustainability /,"The responsible management of environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities to support a resilient"
Sustainable,"organisation that creates long-term value for people, customers, communities and shareholders."
(business context),
Target,"An intended outcome in relation to which we have identified one or more pathways for delivery of that outcome, subject to certain"
,assumptions or conditions.
Tonnes carbon dioxide,Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent.
equivalent (tCO2e),
Top percentage of oil,"The exclusion boundary includes companies globally, however is limited to the data available through Suncorp’s chosen third-party"
& gas exploration and,data providers. The top percentage of companies globally is defined using measure of the metric tonne of CO2 equivalent per
production companies,million of USD revenue for Scope 1 & 2 emissions and/or metric tonne of CO2 equivalent for Scope 1 & 2 emissions.
globally,