=== Page 3 ===
Reporting boundary
This climate-related disclosure report includes the activities 
undertaken by Suncorp Group Limited and its wholly owned 
subsidiaries, including our New Zealand subsidiaries (‘Suncorp’ or 
‘the Group’ or ‘SGL’). It does not include the activities undertaken 
by our joint ventures including, National Transport Insurance and 
AA Insurance, New Zealand. 
References in this report to our ‘current reporting period’ and 
the ‘current financial year’ are to FY25, which refers to the 12 
months commencing 1 July 2024 and ending 30 June 2025. For 
our investment sub-portfolio’s emissions performance (page 14 
& 19) and procurement supplier metrics (page 13 & 19), there is a 
reporting lag due to the timing and availability of third-party data. 
Refer to the Climate Reporting Supplement for methodology and 
limitations. For our climate scenario analysis boundary, refer to 
Page 8.
To report our operational greenhouse gas emissions, Suncorp uses 
an operational control boundary.
Reporting approach
In preparing our climate disclosures, we consider material 
changes in our organisational structure, changes in calculation 
methodologies, identification of errors, or other factors in 
determining our restatement approach. As a result, there may be 
instances where we choose to recalculate and restate our baseline 
or restate metrics from prior reporting periods.
Key climate-related terms and concepts are used throughout this 
report and are indicated via italicised text. These are defined within 
the glossary section at the end of this report.
The term ‘emissions’ used throughout this report, refers to 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions or Carbon Dioxide equivalent 
(CO2-e) emissions.
Scenario analysis and assumptions
There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is 
difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. 
Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities, 
and scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may 
not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate. 
Scenarios may also be impacted by additional factors to the 
assumptions disclosed.
Information prepared by third parties 
Third-party emissions and financial data may at times be 
incomplete, inconsistent, unreliable, unavailable, or outdated. 
These limitations can hinder the accuracy of forecasting and 
analysis, necessitating the use of assumptions, estimates or 
proxy data. Certain data providers use data scraping and proxy 
measures over our data sets. Should these providers alter their 
methodologies, Suncorp may be required to revise its climate-
related targets accordingly. 
Suncorp does not make any representation or warranty that this 
third-party material is accurate, complete or up to date. Forward-looking statements
Climate-related metrics, estimates, projections and targets used 
in this document, especially if they are forward-looking, deserve 
special caution as they are based on uncertainties and may be 
affected by a range of variables, including those that are not 
within Suncorp’s control. 
Forward-looking statements made in this document are based 
on multiple assumptions, estimates, forecasts and judgements 
that have inherent uncertainties. While these forward-looking 
statements reflect Suncorp’s best estimate at the date of this 
report (including with respect to its strategies and plans regarding 
climate change), actual results, performance, and outcomes may 
differ materially from those expected or targeted in the forward-
looking statements. 
Uncertainties include factors such as the extent, pace, and 
impact of climate change; future climate-related policy; the 
effectiveness of climate action of governments, businesses, 
investors, customers, and other stakeholders; changes in customer 
behaviour and demand; changes in the availability, scaling, and 
commercialisation of lower-carbon technology; the availability 
of accurate, verifiable, and comparable climate-related metrics 
and data; development progress including approvals; industry 
competition; changes in climate-related measurement and  
forward-looking methodologies; and reliance on assumptions and 
future uncertainty.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-
looking statements throughout this report as the content does not 
guarantee or predict future events will or are likely to occur.
Suncorp Group makes no representation, assurance or guarantee 
as to the accuracy, completeness or likelihood of fulfilment of any 
forward-looking statement, any outcomes expressed or implied 
in any forward-looking statement or any assumptions on which 
a forward-looking statement is based. Except as required by law, 
we do not take on any obligation to publicly update or revise 
any forward-looking statements in this document, whether to 
reflect any change in events or circumstances on which any such 
statement is based, or otherwise.
This report has not been prepared as financial or investment 
advice or to provide any guidance in relation to the future 
performance of Suncorp.
Greater detail on external assumptions and limitations can be 
found in the Climate Reporting Supplement. 
Assurance approach
Suncorp appointed KPMG to undertake limited assurance across 
select ESG metrics which are indicated within this report. The 
Independent Limited Assurance Report has been issued and is 
located on the Suncorp Group website.
Climate Report FY2024-25     3Climate Report FY2024-25     3

=== Page 4 ===
1.  Suncorp governance and policies, https://www.suncorpgroup.com.au/about/corporate-governance .
2.  Australian Accounting Standards Board, Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard -  
AASB S2, https://standards.aasb.gov.au/aasb-s2-sep-2024 .Governance
Board oversight
The SGL Board and the Vero Insurance New Zealand Limited Board (VINZL) each 
have their own regular schedule of meetings throughout the financial year to 
discuss matters outlined in their respective charters. They have oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities across Australia and New Zealand respectively, and 
are accountable for the approval of climate-related targets and annual climate-
related disclosure reports. They delegate authority to their own respective Board 
Risk and Audit Committees through their charters1 for specific governance activities. 
The SGL Board Risk Committee (BRC) meets at least four times per year, and 
approves the risk appetite for climate-related risk and oversees management of 
these risks including transition and physical risks. The BRC reviews and approves 
climate scenario analysis and outcomes. 
The SGL Board Audit Committee meets at least four times per year, and 
recommends updates or changes in relation to climate-related reporting and 
other sustainability matters to the SGL Board. 
In FY25, the SGL Board and its Committees considered a wide range of key 
climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities impacting 
reinsurance, natural hazard allowances, risk selection and pricing, climate-related 
regulatory change, and climate transition targets.
Board Skills
The board skills matrix outlines the current skills and expertise of the Board, including 
in areas relevant to the management of physical and transition risks. It covers a 
range of categories, such as strategy; major change and transformation, regulatory 
environment; risk management; customer outcomes; sustainability; and accounting 
and financial reporting. The Board skills matrix and annual self-assessment are 
designed to ensure the Board has the capability to identify, assess and monitor 
responses to existing and emerging risks and opportunities arising from environmental 
and social issues. 
Management role
Suncorp’s Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is responsible for identifying and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities across the organisation. 
Where required, these matters may be escalated to relevant ELT management 
committees, such as the Executive Risk Committee, and, if appropriate, further 
to the Suncorp Group Limited Board or its committees. The ELT is supported in 
these responsibilities by recommendations and advice from both internal and 
external experts, as well as input from business governance committees including 
the Responsible Investment Committee and AASB S22 Steering Committee. 
These processes are underpinned by a suite of internal policies, controls, and 
procedures, developed in line with Suncorp’s broader standards, to guide the 
Group’s response to climate-related risks and opportunities.
While there are no standalone climate-related measures in Suncorp’s executive 
remuneration framework, appropriate consideration and management of climate-
related physical risks can impact executive remuneration outcomes. For example, 
indirect links to physical risk are embedded in risk management performance 
measures in the executive remuneration framework and Suncorp’s scorecard.Climate-related risks and 
opportunities that form part of our  
ELT accountabilities include: 
CEO
Accountable for the delivery of climate-related 
risk management within Suncorp’s strategy and 
business plan. Accountable for overall strategy 
and corporate governance of the group.
CFO
Accountable for delivering climate-related targets  
and sensitive sector exclusions for Suncorp’s 
investment portfolios. Accountable for partnering 
with the business in delivery of climate-related 
disclosures, and the accounting and reporting of 
financed emissions. Accountable for the delivery 
of the climate scenario analysis. Accountable for 
the reinsurance program, capital management 
and financial reporting.
CE People, Legal & Corporate Services
Accountable for delivering Scope 1, 2 & 
upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions (excluding 
financed emissions). Oversees performance 
against Suncorp’s Scope 1 & 2 net-zero target, 
including the purchase of renewable electricity. 
Accountable for procurement suppliers’ 
engagement. Accountable for the provision of 
legal advice in climate-related disclosures. 
CE Consumer Insurance
Accountable for delivering pricing and analytics  
for consumer insurance portfolios. Oversees end-to-
end customer experience including consumer home 
and motor claims and natural hazard response. 
Accountable for engagement with claims suppliers. 
Oversees delivery of Suncorp’s resilient Australia 
advocacy strategy. 
CE Commercial & Personal  
Injury Insurance
Accountable for delivering natural hazard 
pricing and analytics for commercial insurance 
portfolios. Oversees end-to-end customer 
experience, including commercial and 
personal injury claims response. Accountable 
for implementing Sensitive Sector Standard 
exclusions within commercial underwriting. 
CRO Suncorp
Accountable for setting Suncorp’s risk 
management frameworks. Oversees the first 
line of defence on risk management activities, 
including climate-related risk, advocacy and 
reports to the SGL Board Risk Committee. 
CEO Suncorp New Zealand
Accountable for Suncorp New Zealand's 
climate-related strategy, business planning, risks 
and opportunities, and performance against 
climate-related commitments and targets,  
including Sensitive Sector Standard exclusions 
within commercial underwriting. Accountable for 
meeting Suncorp New Zealand climate-related 
obligations and Suncorp climate-related policies 
and standards.
4     Climate Report FY2024-254     Climate Report FY2024-25
INTRODUCTION

=== Page 8 ===
Climate scenario analysis
In FY25, Suncorp took part in the APRA Climate Vulnerability Assessment, which examined the potential impact of climate change on home 
insurance affordability across the industry. Our FY25 climate scenario analysis builds on insights from past analysis and the Climate 
Vulnerability Assessment using Suncorp’s own assumptions and scope, separate from APRA.
We continued to use natural peril risk models to quantify anticipated physical damage from extreme weather events. This modelling helps us 
understand potential financial losses based on extreme weather events today, such as the change in Average Annual Loss. 
Scope and scenarios
This year, climate scenario analysis was carried out separately for Australia and New Zealand to reflect differences in business mix, 
product design and weather-related claims costs in each region. The scenarios selected cover a range of plausible emission pathways and 
temperature outcomes. The analysis projects climate impacts until the 2050s for exposures at 30 June 2024 under a range of scenarios, 
while holding all other assumptions constant (i.e. without anticipating changes in future population or the built environment over time). 
FY25 Physical climate-related risk analysis scope
Insurance portfolios included
Australia Home, Consumer and Commercial Motor (hail only), Commercial Property, Construction and Engineering1
New Zealand Home, Consumer and Commercial Motor, Commercial Property, Construction and Engineering2
Scenarios
Australia Low warming | Less than 2°C increase3 - RCP  2.6
Medium warming | 2°C-3°C increase - RCP  4.5
Medium-high warming | 3°C-4°C increase - RCP  6.0
High warming | Greater than 3.5°C increase - RCP  8.5
Representative concentration pathway (RCP) - Downscaled CMIP54
New Zealand Low warming | Less than 2°C increase3 - RCP  2.6
Medium warming | 2°C-3°C increase - RCP  4.5
High warming | Greater than 3.5°C increase - RCP  7 .0 
Representative concentration pathway (RCP) - Downscaled CMIP54
Representative concentration pathway (RCP) - Downscaled CMIP6 (differs by peril)4
Date of exposure data
Australia 30 June 2024 
New Zealand 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024 (differs by peril) 
Perils considered
Australia Riverine flood, surface water flood, storm, storm surge, tropical cyclone, bushfire, hail
New Zealand Riverine flood, surface water flood, storm, coastal inundation 
Affordability analysis portfolios5
Australia Home (AAMI, Apia, GIO and Suncorp only)
1.  Commercial Motor includes packages, SME, non-Fleet, and Fleet Motor and excludes NTI. The CSA scope for Australia also excludes Commercial Liability, CTP , Workers Compensation.
2.  Excludes Commercial Liability, Marine.
3.  The overarching aim of the Paris Agreement is to hold the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit the 
temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. RCP 2.6 has been selected because the ‘very likely range’ represented by this pathway includes 1.5°C temperature increase.
4.  The Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CIMP) is is an international climate modelling project of the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP). 
https://wcrp-cmip.org/cmip-overview/
5.  Affordability analysis was based on RCP2.6 and RCP8.5, along with additional assumptions. The low warming with disorderly transition assumptions include RCP2.6 with 
unanticipated and disruptive policy changes in 2030, and emission-intensive sectors facing material changes in operating cost and/or demand, resulting in higher construction cost 
inflation and reduced real incomes. The high warming with current policies scenario assumptions include RCP8.5 with a limited move away from emission-intensive activities, with no 
new climate policy measures impacting economic outcomes.
Current and anticipated climate-related financial impacts
Changes to weather-related claims costs have been identified as the climate physical risk having the most material impact to the insurance 
business. We have focused our analysis on how these changes compare to our current views of natural hazard risk and whether these 
warrant long-term changes in underwriting and capital retention. Suncorp has invested in pricing and underwriting (risk selection) practices 
that are intended to respond to long-term shifts in climate patterns that may result as per the projected climate trends. We have also 
identified qualitatively some potential flow on effects from the impact on claims such as affordability risk and technology investment 
opportunity (refer to page 6). 
8     Climate Report FY2024-258     Climate Report FY2024-25
INTRODUCTION