=== Table 1 (page 18) ===
Environment,
While Solvar’s businesses do not have a large,services provider has publicly committed to help
"direct environmental impact, we recognise the",its customers to be more sustainable by providing
importance of all organisations playing a role in,state of the art and energy efficient data centres.
minimising the effects of climate change where,
,"Solver also continues to partner with Trace, a"
"possible. First and foremost, this involves focusing",
,Climate‑Tech company that assists organisations
on our direct operations and supporting employees,
,"by enabling them to efficiently measure, report"
in making choices that reduce individual and,
,and reduce their carbon footprint. In conjunction
collective impacts. Solvar’s Sustainability,
,"with Trace, Solvar funds carbon reduction projects"
Committee meets regularly to generate ideas,
,"both in Australia and overseas, including cool fire"
and provide guidance on various initiatives that,
,traditional land management in Arnhem Land
lead to the minimisation of office waste and,
,and Coorong Lakes biodiversity conservation
energy waste. For example:,
,in South Australia.
"• 
All our offices use certified recycling for hard",
,Australia’s climate‑related financial disclosure
waste such as office furniture and electronics;,
,"regime has now commenced. For Solvar, this"
"• 
In our Brisbane office, a bin tracker system has",means that a sustainability report is expected
been introduced that measures the proportion,to be FY27. A key element of this report will be the
of waste being recycled; and,"inclusion of financed emissions, which are the"
,greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that are a result
"• 
Our Melbourne office has installed smart",
,of a financial institution’s investments and lending
printing technology and smart lighting,
,activities. They are indirect emissions categorised
technology which automatically switches,
,as Scope 3 in the GHG Protocol.
off lighting when no movement is detected.,
,"Once Solvar’s climate report is introduced, Solvar will"
Solvar’s supplier policy engages vendors who can,
,continue its commitment to the environment through
demonstrate that their activities align with Solvar’s,
,both internal waste‑reduction initiatives and funding
commitment to taking climate action and to,
,"of carbon reduction projects. However, while we will"
minimise the Group’s impact on the environment.,
,continue to seek carbon neutrality for those activities
Emissions related to purchased goods and,
,"we control, we will no longer be fully carbon neutral"
services are included in Solvar’s carbon footprint,
,when financed emissions are included in our
measurement. Our key technology and cloud,
,overall profile.

=== Table 2 (page 25) ===
"Solvar partners with Trace, a company that assists"
organisations by enabling them to efficiently
"measure, report and reduce their carbon footprint."
"In conjunction with Trace, Solvar funds carbon"
"reduction projects both in Australia and overseas,"
including cool fire traditional land management
in Arnhem Land and Coorong Lakes biodiversity
conservation in South Australia. Trace then certifies
that Solvar is carbon neutral by offsetting 100% of
our measured emissions. With the commencement
of Australia’s climate related financial disclosure
"regime, including reporting on the emissions from"
used vehicles financed by the Group under Scope 3
"of the GHG Protocol, Solvar will no longer be able"
to claim carbon neutral status. Solvar’s climate
reporting is scheduled to commence in financial
"year 2027, with Scope 3 emissions to be reported"
"a year later. However, Solvar will continue to seek"
to reduce carbon emissions from the activities
"within its control, and will continue our commitment"
to the environment through both internal waste
reduction initiatives and the use of energy efficient
office equipment.
Conclusion
I would like to acknowledge the outstanding
contributions of all our team members in both
Australia and New Zealand. The Group continues
to transform itself with the challenging task of
"driving change throughout the organisation,"
and it is testament to the team’s resilience that
we start the new financial year focussed on
driving growth. Thank you to our shareholders
and business partners for their continued support
and shared long term commitment to the
continued growth and success of the Group.
The Group remains in an exceptionally strong
position to capitalise on the opportunities that
will deliver sustainable growth and profits in years
to come.