=== Page 18 ===
Environmental,  
Social, Governance  
(continued)
Environment
While Solvar’s businesses do not have a large  
direct environmental impact, we recognise the importance of all organisations playing a role in 
minimising the effects of climate change where 
possible. First and foremost, this involves focusing on our direct operations and supporting employees in making choices that reduce individual and 
collective impacts. Solvar’s Sustainability 
Committee meets regularly to generate ideas  and provide guidance on various initiatives that lead to the minimisation of office waste and  
energy waste. For example:
• All our offices use certified recycling for hard 
waste such as office furniture and electronics;
• In our Brisbane office, a bin tracker system has been introduced that measures the proportion of waste being recycled; and
• Our Melbourne office has installed smart printing technology and smart lighting technology which automatically switches  
off lighting when no movement is detected.
Solvar’s supplier policy engages vendors who can 
demonstrate that their activities align with Solvar’s 
commitment to taking climate action and to minimise the Group’s impact on the environment. Emissions related to purchased goods and  services are included in Solvar’s carbon footprint 
measurement. Our key technology and cloud services provider has publicly committed to help 
its customers to be more sustainable by providing 
state of the art and energy efficient data centres.
Solver also continues to partner with Trace, a 
Climate‑Tech company that assists organisations by enabling them to efficiently measure, report 
and  reduce their carbon footprint. In conjunction 
with Trace, Solvar funds carbon reduction projects  both in Australia and overseas, including cool fire traditional land management in Arnhem Land  
and Coorong Lakes biodiversity conservation  in South Australia.
Australia’s climate‑related financial disclosure 
regime has now commenced. For Solvar, this means that a sustainability report is expected  
to be FY27. A key element of this report will be the inclusion of financed emissions, which are the 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that are a result 
of a financial institution’s investments and lending activities. They are indirect emissions categorised as Scope 3 in the GHG Protocol.
Once Solvar’s climate report is introduced, Solvar will 
continue its commitment to the environment through both internal waste‑reduction initiatives and funding 
of carbon reduction projects. However, while we will 
continue to seek carbon neutrality for those activities we control, we will no longer be fully carbon neutral when financed emissions are included in our 
overall profile.
16 Solvar Limited

=== Page 25 ===
Solvar partners with Trace, a company that assists 
organisations by enabling them to efficiently 
measure, report and reduce their carbon footprint. In conjunction with Trace, Solvar funds carbon 
reduction projects both in Australia and overseas, 
including cool fire traditional land management  in Arnhem Land and Coorong Lakes biodiversity conservation in South Australia. Trace then certifies 
that Solvar is carbon neutral by offsetting 100% of 
our measured emissions. With the commencement of Australia’s climate related financial disclosure regime, including reporting on the emissions from 
used vehicles financed by the Group under Scope 3 
of the GHG Protocol, Solvar will no longer be able  to claim carbon neutral status. Solvar’s climate reporting is scheduled to commence in financial 
year 2027, with Scope 3 emissions to be reported  
a year later. However, Solvar will continue to seek  to reduce carbon emissions from the activities within its control, and will continue our commitment  
to the environment through both internal waste 
reduction initiatives and the use of energy efficient 
office equipment.
Conclusion
I would like to acknowledge the outstanding contributions of all our team members in both Australia and New Zealand. The Group continues  
to transform itself with the challenging task of driving change throughout the organisation,  and it is testament to the team’s resilience that  we start the new financial year focussed on  
driving growth. Thank you to our shareholders  
and business partners for their continued support and shared long term commitment to the continued growth and success of the Group.
The Group remains in an exceptionally strong 
position to capitalise on the opportunities that  
will deliver sustainable growth and profits in years 
to come.
Scott Baldwin  
Managing Director and  
Chief Executive Officer
Annual Report 2025 23

=== Page 104 ===
Glossary
Term Definition
AASB Australian Accounting Standards Board
ABS Asset Backed Securitisation
AFS Automotive Financial Services
AML/CTF Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing
ASX Australian Securities Exchange
ASIC Australian Securities & Investment Commission
ATSR Absolute Total Shareholder Returns
BGH Big Group Hug
CAGR Cumulative Annual Growth Rate
CEDS Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement
CTSR Composite Total Shareholder Returns
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CFO Chief Financial Officer
CGU Cash Generating Unit
Company Solvar Limited
COO Chief Operating Officer
DDO Design and Distribution Obligations
DCF Discounted Cash Flow
DPA Deferred Payment Arrangement
EAD Exposure At Default
EBITDA Earnings Before Interest, Tax And Depreciation & Amortisation
ECL Expected Credit Loss
EPS Earnings Per Share
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
FCA Financial Counselling Australia
FCIF Financial Counselling Industry Fund
FR Fixed Remuneration
FVOCI Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
GCF Go Car Finance
GHG Greenhouse Gas
Group Solvar Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial year
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standard
JV Joint Venture
KMP Key Management Personnel
LGD Loss Given Default
LTI Long Term Incentive
MD Managing Director
NAF Net Amount Financed
102 Solvar Limited