=== Page 3 ===
A Letter From Our CEO
Our sustainability strategy is not just about adhering to 
regulations and meeting expectations; it’s about genuinely 
contributing to the well-being and progress of our society. 
In June, I had the privilege of appearing before the Joint 
Select Committee on Social Media and Australian Society. 
As a father of two teenagers, I shared my personal concerns 
about the pervasive influence of unregulated misinformation 
and the emotional toll of online scams, exclusion and 
bullying. These issues are not just abstract concerns; 
they are real, affecting families and communities across 
Australia. It is in this context that Seven West Media’s role 
becomes crucial.
Seven West Media invests over $250 million a year in 
generating news content. We employ more than 1,500 
journalists, producers, editors, camera operators, and 
support staff dedicated to creating and distributing news 
content across the nation. Our reach is extensive, covering 
55 towns and cities nationwide. In Western Australia 
alone, we connect with 84% of the population through our 
metropolitan, regional and community media platforms.
Our commitment to delivering balanced, accurate and 
regulated news content sets us apart. Unlike unregulated 
social media platforms, our content is subject to rigorous 
compliance and editorial codes. 
In February 2024, we launched The Nightly, a new national 
digital news platform covering politics, policy, business, 
and culture. Featuring content from esteemed sources 
including The New York Times, The Economist, CNBC 
and others, The Nightly furthers our goal of delivering 
trusted news by providing premium quality journalism to 
Australians, free of charge.Beyond our media responsibilities, Seven West Media  
is deeply committed to supporting our communities.  
In 2023, the Perth Telethon raised a record $78 million to 
support sick children, thanks to the incredible generosity 
of West Australians. This funding is being channelled into 
136 children’s charities, beneficiaries and community 
organisations, advancing medical research and providing 
essential services, equipment, and programs for sick and 
vulnerable children and their families across Western 
Australia. Since its inception in 1968, Telethon has raised 
over $600 million.
Similarly, the 2024 Good Friday Appeal, broadcast on 
Channel 7 Melbourne and nationally on 7plus, raised a 
record $23.4 million for The Royal Children’s Hospital 
in Melbourne. This funding will enable the hospital to 
continue providing world-class care and conducting vital 
research. The event, highlighted by performances from top 
entertainers and appearances by popular Seven Network 
personalities, brought the community together in support  
of a common cause.
Our commitment to equality and representation is evident 
in our continued partnerships and initiatives. We have 
once again been named an Employer of Choice for Gender 
Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency. We 
also marked our fourth year as the official broadcast 
partner with UN Women Australia for International Women’s 
Day, reinforcing our joint commitment to gender equality 
and celebrating the accomplishments of women.Environmental sustainability remains a core focus for Seven 
West Media. We have continued our partnership with 
Planet Ark to drive positive behavioural change around 
critical environmental issues. As the Official Media Partner 
of National Recycling Week and National Tree Day, we 
are proud to support Planet Ark, one of Australia’s leading 
environmental behaviour change organisations.
We are pleased to see an 18 per cent reduction in our scope 
1 and 2 emissions since FY22 resulting from a combination 
of grid decarbonisation and our own initiatives, specifically 
consolidation of premises in Sydney and ongoing energy 
efficiency measures, including introducing LED lighting 
across a number of our offices.
Our FY24 Sustainability Report is not just a summary of our 
achievements; it is a reflection of our enduring commitment 
to the communities we serve, the environment we cherish 
and the values we uphold. We are proud of the progress 
we have made, and we remain steadfast in our mission to 
create a positive and lasting impact.
Yours sincerely,
Jeff Howard
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Seven West MediaI am pleased to present to you the FY24 Sustainability Report, a testament to our ongoing commitment to making  
a positive impact in the communities where we operate. 
3

=== Page 6 ===
Opportunities 
for Future 
Generations
•  The annual West Australian 
Telethon  raised a record $78 million  
to support sick children
•  The Good Friday Appeal  raised a 
record $23.4 million for The Royal 
Children’s Hospital in Melbourne
•  The Channel 7 Children’s Research 
Foundation  awarded $1.5 million in 
research grants 
•  Named the third recipient of the David 
Leckie Seven Scholarship Program
•  The annual Sydney Sick Kids Appeal  
raised $14.6 million to support 
treatment, research, and patient 
experienceUniting 
People and 
Communities 
•  Provided more than $70 million in 
Community Service Announcement 
(CSA)  support to more than 170 
organisations
•  Supported Big Freeze 10 , which 
raised $20.1 million for the fight 
against Motor Neurone disease 
•  Supported local community 
awards  to recognise everyday heroes 
supporting others in their community 
•  Launched The Nightly , providing free 
local, national and global news and 
current affairs for all AustraliansRepresenting 
Australia 
•  Named an Employer of Choice for 
Gender Equality by the Workplace 
Gender Equality Agency  
•  Fourth year as the official broadcast 
partner with UN Women Australia 
for International Women’s Day
•  Working with production partners to 
continuously improve processes for 
diverse casting of contestants 
•  Championed women’s sports  
with free live coverage of Hockey 
Australia’s Hockeyroos , the 
Women’s Big Bash League ,  
AFLW and the  FIFA Women’s  
World Cup 2023™ 
•  Completed the commitments in our 
Reflect  Reconciliation Action Plan  
•  Rolled out new training on 
workplace behaviours and 
inclusion
•  Introduced five days of paid fertility 
leave  for our employeesBringing 
Awareness to 
Environmental 
Issues 
•  Official Media Partner for Planet 
Ark’s National Recycling Week  
and National Tree Day
•  Continued efforts to reduce  
waste from printing  and reduce 
energy usage
•  Our production partner ITV is 
prioritising sustainable production 
methods  – all ITV Studios Australia 
productions, including The Voice, 
My Kitchen Rules  and The Chase 
Australia , are certified by a third-
party screen industry organisation for 
environmental sustainability, albert
•  Preparing to publish detailed  
climate-related financial 
disclosures from FY26  
•  Achieved an 18 per cent decline   
in scope 1 and 2 emissions between 
FY22 and FY24 through a combination  
of grid decarbonisation  and  
our own initiativesFY24 Highlights
6

=== Page 13 ===
Bringing Awareness to Environmental Issues
Seven West Media is continuing our efforts to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations by reducing our energy use  
and finding increasingly sustainable options to produce our printed news.
• We have continued our partnership with Planet Ark  as 
the Official Media Partner of National Recycling Week  
and National Tree Day , driving actionable and tangible 
behavioural change around vital environmental issues.
• Our scope 1 and 2 emissions fell by approximately 
18 per cent from over the two years from our last 
measurement in FY22. The reduction in our emissions 
was driven by a combination of grid decarbonisation 
and our own initiatives, specifically consolidation of 
premises in Sydney and ongoing energy efficiency 
measures, including introducing LED lighting across  
a number of our offices.
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
Scope 2 Scope 1Emissions (tCO2e)
FY22 FY24Emissions by scope
• Our ambition is to reduce our scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions by 50 per cent by FY30 
from our FY22 baseline, through a combination of grid 
decarbonisation and our own initiatives.
• Seven West Media has also removed all eight of its 
“Link” vehicles from around Australia and has replaced 
them with a mix of camera back and backpack 
contained technology.  This means eight fewer diesel-powered vehicles on 
the roads, replaced instead with simpler, smaller 
technology, with no reduction in our ability to cover  
the important news events our audiences care about. 
• Seven West Media is preparing to publish detailed 
climate-related financial disclosures  from FY26,  
as part of Group 1 in Australia’s new mandatory 
climate-related reporting regime.
• West Australian Newspapers (WAN) continues its 
efforts to reduce waste from printing  – 100% of 
wastewater and 100% of ink waste is processed and 
reused, and newsprint waste is fully recycled. 
Our paper is sourced responsibly from suppliers certified 
by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or the Program 
for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC). 
To reduce energy usage, all WAN facilities have  
LED lights with auto-dimmers, and we are reviewing 
options for expansion of solar capabilities for our  
WAN facilities. 
The Hon Tanya Plibersek, MP, Minister for the Environment and Water, 
Phil O’Toole, Seven West Media and Vaness Lyon, Think News Brands, 
at media event for official accreditation of the National Environmental 
Sustainability Agreement.  
 
We are also working with our production partner 
ITV Studios Australia on increasingly sustainable 
production methods  – all ITV productions, including 
The Voice, My Kitchen Rules and The Chase Australia , 
are certified by albert, a third-party screen industry 
organisation for environmental sustainability.
SEVEN WEST MEDIA AND PLANET ARK
Planet Ark is one of Australia’s leading environmental behaviour change organisations, focused on making a difference in how 
people view and tackle important environmental issues. Since 2022, Seven West Media has been the Official Media Partner of 
Planet Ark on flagship nationwide events, including National Recycling Week and National Tree Day.
This year, National Recycling Week was a massive campaign, registering 433 schools and almost 65,000 students across the 
country to take part. Using the power of our platforms, we helped secure two weeks of national coverage to promote  
the event, with a promotional value worth over $4 million.
National Tree Day is another event we were very proud to support as Official Media Partner. The initiative has  
resulted in over 27 million trees, shrubs, and grasses being planted by more than five million volunteers since 1996.  
Education is a vital component, with Schools Tree Day helping bring the impact of nature care activities  
and environmental awareness into classrooms across the country.
13

=== Page 18 ===
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
PILLAR HOW WE CONTRIBUTED TO THIS GOAL IN FY2024
Bringing 
Awareness to 
Environmental 
Issues
We are committed to using our platforms to drive environmental awareness to create a more sustainable future:
• We have continued our partnership with Planet Ark to drive positive behavioural change around vital environmental issues as the  
Official Media Partner of National Recycling Week and National Tree Day ( Page 13)
We are continuing our efforts to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations:
• Achieved an 18 per cent decline in scope 1 and 2 emissions in the two years from FY22 to FY24 ( Page 13)
• Seven West Media is preparing to publish detailed climate-related financial disclosures from FY26 ( Page 13)
• West Australian Newspapers continues its efforts to reduce waste from printing and cut energy usage ( Page 13)
• We are working with our production partner ITV on increasingly sustainable production methods ( Page 13)
18