=== Page 12 ===
SUSTAINABILITY
SCEE Group is dedicated to achieving sustainable and profitable growth while upholding our environmental, 
social, and community responsibilities. Our approach to sustainability encompasses:
We seek to promote best environmental 
practices within our areas of operation 
through our policies and procedures. 
Highlights include:
We consider the wellbeing of our people 
to be of paramount importance and are 
committed to providing a workplace that 
achieves zero harm. Highlights include:• Environmental Management Systems 
accredited to ISO 14001
• We continue to maintain a low GHG 
emissions base. Our FY25 operational 
emissions (Scope 1 and 2) totalled 
4,702 tCO2-e
• Contributing to the decarbonisation 
of Australia through our delivery of 
renewables, recycling and energy 
efficiency projects
• Health and Safety Management Systems 
are accredited to ISO 45001
• 5 Star Commitment safety approach 
addressing the highest critical risk areas
• Lost time injury (“LTI”) free across the group’s 
operations for the third consecutive yearENVIRONMENT
HEALTH AND SAFETY
SCEE GROUP – ANNUAL REPORT 2025
12

=== Page 16 ===
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW CONT’D
million manhours LTI‑free in the year delivered 
by our workforce of circa 1,900 direct employees. 
Our SCEE Electrical business is now over 21 years 
LTI‑free in Australia. 
We continue to maintain a low GHG emissions 
base. In FY25 our operational emissions (Scope 1 
and Scope 2) totalled 4,702 tCO2‑e, up from 3,687 
tCO2‑e in FY24 due to the significantly higher 
levels of activity in the current year. 
Strategy
SCEE sees electrical contracting as its core 
capability whilst increasingly diversifying 
into adjacent disciplines and servicing the 
infrastructure, commercial, and resources sectors.
Our growth strategy continues to be to deepen 
our presence in those sectors and broaden our 
geographic diversity through expanding our 
core competencies and adding adjacent and 
complementary capabilities and disciplines, either 
organically or by acquisition.We are increasing our exposure to services and 
maintenance style works.
We are actively exploring a range of acquisition 
targets offering further geographic diversification 
and new capabilities.
We aim to maximise the synergies and 
cross -selling opportunities created by the 
increasing diversification and multi‑disciplinary 
nature of the Group.
The electrification of the Australian and global 
economies presents SCEE with opportunities 
across all its operations.
Acquisition of Force Fire
Consistent with our strategy, we completed the 
acquisition of Force Fire Holdings, a leading New 
South Wales and Queensland‑based provider of 
fire safety solutions, for an enterprise value of up 
to $53.5m on 1 April 2025. 
16 SCEE GROUP – ANNUAL REPORT 2025