=== Page 2 ===
Our year in numbers 
$2,019M
gross distributions 
to security holders$2,848M
proportional operating 
EBITDA1
11.3M
customers globally25.6%
increase in proportional 
toll revenue1,3
2.5M
trips on average taken 
on our roads every day$3.1M
towards community 
investment
4.16
road injury crash index, 
against threshold of 4.15$2.3M
estimated fuel saved on average 
every workday by taking our 
Australian roads4
479,000
average hours saved by 
customers every workday53.0%
increase in statutory 
toll revenue3
$118M
statutory profit before income taxTransurban Corporate Report FY25
Introduction
21 Non-IFRS measure
2 Refers to the number of both account and pass holders in Australia, and individual users in North America each year 
3 Figures used for calculating percentage movements are based on whole numbers and relate to percentage 
movements from the previous corresponding period
4 Australian trips only. Calculation based on the average consumer petrol and diesel prices across Sydney 
Brisbane and Melbourne for each month in FY25 (price data sourced from the Australian Institute of Petroleum), 
and customer travel and emissions data methodology detailed in our FY25 Sustainability Basis of Preparation
5 Compared to the toll-free alternative routeWest Gate Tunnel Project, Melbourne
Cover photograph: the newly built M7-M12 interchange bridges, 
over the M7 Motorway.

=== Page 4 ===
Reporting suite
FY25 Corporate Report 
(this report) 
Transurban’s holistic performance for 
FY25, including our financial statements. 
FY25 Results Presentation 
Management presentation of financial 
and non-financial results, including non-
statutory analysis. 
FY25 Sustainability Data Pack 
Data sets for sustainability metrics, 
including Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB), Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI), Taskforce on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
Index (TCFD), and our alignment with 
the United Nations (UN) Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). 
FY25 Corporate Governance 
Statement 
Statement made in accordance with the 
ASX Corporate Governance Council’s 
Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations (4th Edition). 
FY24 Tax Transparency Report 
Overview of our corporate structure, 
approach to tax and tax position for 
FY24 – available late 2025.
FY25 Modern Slavery Statement  
Overview of how we identify, manage 
and mitigate the specific risks of 
modern slavery in our operations and 
supply chains – available late 2025. 
FY25 Sustainability 
Basis of Preparation 
Description of the key boundaries, 
methodologies, and references used 
in the preparation of a selection of 
sustainability metrics and climate 
disclosures. Forward-looking statements 
This report contains certain forward-looking 
statements. The words “continue”, “intend”, 
“expect”, “forecast”, “potential”, “estimated”, 
“projected”, “likely”, “anticipate” and other 
similar expressions are intended to identify 
forward-looking statements.  
This report contains certain climate-related 
statements which are subject to 
uncertainties, limitations, risks and 
assumptions associated with climate-related 
information and the ever-changing 
environment we operate in. The information 
in this report should be read in conjunction 
with the qualifications and guidance included 
in the FY25 Sustainability Basis of Preparation  
document. 
Indications of, and guidance on, future 
earnings, financial position, distributions, 
capex requirements and performance, 
interest rate and CPI sensitivity and emission 
reduction targets are also forward-looking 
statements as are statements regarding 
plans, strategies and objectives of 
management and internal management 
estimates and assessments of traffic 
expectations and market outlook. These 
statements discuss future expectations 
concerning the results of asset and/or 
financial conditions or provide other forward-
looking information. The forward-looking 
statements are based on the information 
available as at the date of this report and/or 
the date of Transurban’s planning processes 
or scenario analysis processes. 
Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and 
involve known and unknown risks (including 
the risks set out in the “Risk management” 
section of this report), uncertainties and 
other factors, many of which are beyond the 
control of the Transurban Group, its related 
bodies corporate, or their respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents and 
advisors, that may cause actual results to 
differ materially from those expressed or 
implied in such statements. There can be no 
assurance that actual outcomes will not differ 
materially from these statements, noting that 
information in this report is not intended to 
provide guidance in relation to the future 
performance of the Transurban Group. There are usually differences between 
forecast and actual results because events 
and actual circumstances frequently do 
not occur as forecast and their differences 
may be material. There can be no assurance 
that potential opportunities will eventuate 
on the timetable outlined or at all, or that 
Transurban will be able to participate in 
them. Transurban’s ability to participate in 
any future projects or acquisitions will be 
subject to, among other things, applicable 
government and other processes and the 
receipt of relevant regulatory approvals. 
Investors should not place undue reliance 
on forward-looking statements, particularly 
in light of the current economic climate 
and significant global volatility, uncertainty 
and disruption. 
To the maximum extent permitted by law, 
none of the Transurban Group, nor its related 
bodies corporate or affiliates, and none of 
their respective directors, officers, employees 
or agents or any other person: (1) accept any 
responsibility or liability including, without 
limitation, any liability arising from fault or 
negligence for any loss arising from any 
forward-looking statement; (2) make any 
representation or warranty, express or 
implied, as to the likelihood of fulfilment 
of any forward-looking statements or any 
event or results expressed or implied in any 
forward-looking statement; or (3) have any 
obligation to correct or update any forward-
looking statement. 
Non-IFRS information
Non-IFRS measures are financial measures 
other than those defined or specified under 
any relevant Australian Accounting Standard 
and may not be directly comparable with 
other companies' information. We believe 
that non-IFRS measures provide useful 
information, however, should not be 
considered as an indication of, or as a 
substitute for, statutory financial information 
and measures.  
Proportional toll revenue, proportional 
Earnings Before Interest Depreciation 
and Amortisation (EBITDA), Proportional 
Operating EBITDA, Free Cash and Capital 
Releases are audited. 
The remaining non-IFRS measures are 
not audited.Transurban Corporate Report FY25
Introduction
4All available 
on our website 
transurban.com

=== Page 8 ===
Integrated reporting 
This report provides an overview of our operations and performance during FY25. 
Our sustainability reporting is integrated 
throughout this report. 
Content in this report has been informed 
by our annual sustainability materiality review 
(see Figure 1).   
FY25 materiality review 
Our FY25 review found that the topics 
identified in FY24 remain relevant, with 
minor updates. 
Key stakeholder feedback on our double 
materiality topics included: 
• Physical impacts of climate change remain 
a recognised risk  
• Safety continues to be a material topic, 
with potential impacts on our business 
and our social licence to operate. • Regulatory reporting and compliance, 
and biodiversity and nature are emerging 
as significant areas of interest. 
• Macro trends including cost of living, 
political shifts, and geopolitical instability 
should be monitored (see page 9  for 
more information on these trends). 
Sustainability Strategy 
We continue to update our Sustainability 
Strategy and prepare for new Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) 
reporting obligations commencing in FY26. 
We remain focused on sustainability 
initiatives and activities that support our 
purpose to ‘be the link between people, 
places and progress’. In FY25, we have provided reporting for 
our stakeholders using globally recognised 
sustainability frameworks including GRI, SASB 
and the UN SDGs.  
Further information on these frameworks 
and our double materiality process is 
available in our FY25 Sustainability Basis 
of Preparation  document and 
FY25  Sustainability Data Pack . 
 
Figure 1 – FY25 material topics
Material topic GRI SASB sectorTCFD/ SASB 
relevanceUnited Nations 
SDG1
Physical impacts of climate change
 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
 
Scope 3 GHG emissions and materials
 
Customer emissions
 
Sustainable mobility and transport
  
Community investment and partnerships
  
Stakeholder engagement
   
First Nations engagement, partnerships and participation
 
Road safety
   
Customer wellbeing
   
Customer experience and satisfaction
Cybersecurity and data privacy
 
Government and industry relationships
  
Responsible supply chain
  
Nature, biodiversity and ecological impact
 
ESG Governance and Disclosure
 
Transurban Corporate Report FY25
Introduction
81  The content of this publication has not been approved by the United Nations and does not reflect the views of the United Nations or its officials or Member States

=== Page 9 ===
Strategic context
The macroeconomic environment – as well as trends in the transport and infrastructure sector – 
present growth opportunities and potential challenges for our business. These factors shape the way 
we go about delivering on our strategic objectives to create value for our stakeholders and operate 
efficiently, to enable continued growth.
As populations grow and infrastructure 
demand rises, the sector continues to show 
long-term resilience, consistently performing 
across economic and geopolitical shifts and 
offering stable opportunities for investment 
and growth.
Key transport sector trends remained 
consistent in FY25, even as global instability 
heightened in the face of growing trade 
tensions, shifting economic policies and 
geopolitical conflicts. 
In the private sector, technologies such as 
artificial intelligence (AI) and connected and 
autonomous vehicles (CAVs) continue to gain 
momentum, while competition to produce 
lower-emission vehicles such as electric 
vehicles (EVs) intensifies.  
Infrastructure supply and 
demand 
The cities in which Transurban operates are 
expected to have population growth between 
10% and 38% by 2045.1 
For example, Victoria’s population is forecast 
to grow by over one million people each 
decade for the next 30 years.1
In August 2025, a Transurban survey  found 
that almost 70% of Australian respondents 
were concerned about current levels of traffic 
congestion, with 77% fearing it will be worse 
in a decade’s time.2 In the United States (US), 
58% were worried about congestion now.2In Northern Virginia, increasing return-to-
office mandates and notorious traffic 
congestion have seen a revival of coordinated 
carpooling with strangers, known as 
“slugging”, where commuters wait at 
designated locations to share a car ride and 
use our Express Lanes, which are free for 
vehicles with three or more passengers. 
Drivers in the Washington DC region are 
reported to have lost 62 hours in congestion 
on average throughout 2024.3 Across the 
country, it is estimated that more than four 
billion hours were lost due to congestion, 
costing USD74 billion.3
To meet the needs of growing populations, 
governments face mounting demands for 
more housing, services and infrastructure, 
while at the same time they are also under 
pressure to prioritise renewable energy 
projects and address ongoing cost-of-living 
concerns. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) 
projected that global public debt would 
exceed $100 trillion in 20244 and has forecast 
an increase in debt of 2.8 percentage points 
in 2025 – more than twice the estimates 
for 2024.5 
In the US, the funding gap to maintain 
and improve roads has been estimated 
at USD684 billion over the next 10 years6 
while Australia has a $213 billion five-year 
Major Public Infrastructure Pipeline – 
planned and active major upgrades to the 
nation’s infrastructure.7 
Skills shortages, stagnant productivity 
growth, and rising material costs are also 
creating challenges for infrastructure delivery 
in Australia.8 The shortfall in roads funding is being 
felt in other countries. In New Zealand, its 
Infrastructure Commission has identified 
NZD204 billion of required infrastructure 
spend, most of which is unfunded.9  
Private investment through public-private 
partnerships (PPPs) is a funding mechanism 
that can relieve governments from the 
burden of up-front infrastructure spending. 
Following the success of the PPP model 
in Australia, the New Zealand Government 
held an infrastructure summit in March 
this year aiming to attract private investment 
and partnerships. 
In NSW alone, Transurban and our partners 
have invested more than $36 billion10 into 
Sydney’s road network and in the US we 
have PPPs with the Virginian Government 
with the first Express Lanes project having 
opened in 2012.   
Uptake of EVs, hybrid vehicles  
Governments face declining revenue from 
what has traditionally been a primary source 
for road funding – fuel excise (or gas tax 
in the US) – as the shift to EVs and more 
fuel-efficient vehicles gains momentum.  
EVs made up more than 20% of global 
car sales in 2024 with advances in battery 
technology and competition among auto 
manufacturers, particularly from China, 
underpinning further growth.11 
Despite the US Federal Government revoking 
a target for EVs to make up 50% of all new 
vehicles sales by 2030,12 most Australian 
State governments – including NSW, Victoria 
and Queensland – have set a target for 50% 
of new car sales to be EVs by around 2030.13Strategic context  | Contents
91 DAE, Land Use Forecasts, September 2024; Oxford Economics, June 2025
2 Transurban, Urban Mobility Trends Industry Report , August 2025
3 INRIX, 2024 Global Traffic Scorecard , accessed May 2025
4 International Monetary Fund, Fiscal Monitor: Putting a Lid on Public Debt , October 2024
5 International Monetary Fund, Fiscal Monitor : Fiscal Policy Under Uncertainty , April 2025
6 American Society of Civil Engineers, A Comprehensive Assessment of America’s Infrastructure: 2025 Report Card for America’s Infrastructure , March 2025
7 Infrastructure Australia, 2024 Infrastructure Market Capacity Report , December 2024
8 Infrastructure Australia, Governments shift infrastructure investment priorities while market capacity constraints continue , December 2024
9 The Conversation, Hey big spenders: what foreign investors will really want from the infrastructure summit , 12 March 2025
10 Transurban, NSW Independent Toll Review Interim Report: Transurban response  (page 8), 14 May 2024
11 International Energy Agency, Global EV Out look 2024 , April 2024
12  International Energy Agency, Global EV Outlook 2025 , May 2025
13 Electric Vehicle Council, State of Electric Vehicles 2024 (page 62), December 2024