=== Page 91 ===
Tasmea Limited
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
30 June 2025
 
Note 39. Business combinations (continued)
 
 
90
Future Engineering Group
On 2 September 2024, Tasmea Limited acquired 100% of Future Engineering & Communication Pty Ltd and associated 
entities Future Power WA Pty Ltd, Rollwell Engineering Pty Ltd and Westplant Pty Ltd (collectively "Future Engineering 
Group"). 
Future Engineering Group specialises in design, supply and installation of powerline infrastructure, lattice towers, steel 
monopoles, guyed masts and custom designed structures, customised rolling, pressing, welding and heavy steel 
fabrication solutions and provides maintenance services. 
The acquisition positions Tasmea to capitalise on the rapidly growing electrification demand in Australia, supporting the 
integration of critical renewable energy sources into existing grids to ensure stability, reliability and a more sustainable 
supply that aligns with our customers focus to reduce their carbon emissions. 
The acquired business contributed revenues of $63.0 million and profit after tax of $9.7 million to the consolidated 
entity for the 10 months ending 30 June 2025. A full-year contribution from Future Engineering Group under Tasmea’s 
ownership is expected to be approximately $87.0 million in revenue and $15.5 million in maintainable EBIT. 
Goodwill of $61.4 million is primarily related to growth expectations, expected future profitability, and expected cost 
synergies. Goodwill has been allocated to the Electrical and Mechanical cash-generating units. The values identified in 
relation to the acquisition of Future Engineering Group have been reassessed since 31 December 2024 for intangible 
assets as the valuation of Brand Names and customer contracts was completed, deferred tax balances adjusted as a 
result of the recognition of intangible asset and finalisation of tax bases which were still under review previously. These 
values are now final as at 30 June 2025.  
 
Options issued as part consideration
The purchase agreement with the Vendors included shares issued as part of the consideration, which are subject to an 
escrow period commencing on the issue of the shares and ending on the earlier of 31 August 2025 and the date that 
Tasmea discloses its audited financial accounts for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. The agreement provides that 
in the event the vendor wishes to sell the shares on market at the completion of the escrow period, and where the 
average market share price that the shares are sold for is less than $2.50 per share, then Tasmea will make an additional 
payment to the share recipient for any shortfall. Tasmea's obligation in respect of this aspect of the share purchase 
agreement has been determined to be similar to a Put Option, and classified as a Derivative Liability in the acquisition 
accounting.
At 30 June 2025, the derivative liability was measured at $56,890 (Acquisition Date: $5,781,071) and is recognised on 
the balance sheet, with the movement in fair value since acquisition recognised as a gain in profit or loss.
 
Contingent consideration
As part of the purchase agreement with the vendors, two of the ten previous shareholders agreed to a contingent 
consideration arrangement. The remaining eight shareholders received full payment upfront. Future payments to be 
made are contingent on Future Engineering Group's net profit contribution for the 12 month periods ending 30 June 
2025, 30 June 2026 and 30 June 2027. The estimated range of the earnout contingent consideration is between $4 
million to $7 million per year and has no capped amount. As at the acquisition date, the fair value of the contingent 
consideration was estimated at $15,833,630. As at 30 June 2025, Future Engineering Group key performance indicators 
indicate that it is probable the contingent consideration will be payable and accordingly the contingent consideration 
remains recognised in full.