=== Page 8 ===
500+
Charities and community 
organisations supported 
via the Play For Purpose 
and 50-50 Charity raffles$4.2m
Raised for charities 
through our support of 
the 50-50 Foundation
15-person
dedicated Charitable 
Games team employed 
by The Lottery 
Corporation
 Play For Purpose joins 
The Lott’s digital channels
In June 2025, we helped supercharge the 
fundraising power of hundreds of community 
causes by adding the 50-50 Foundation’s Play 
For Purpose charity raffle to The Lott’s digital 
channels.  
Being able to purchase Play For Purpose tickets 
directly on The Lott website and app provides 
more ways for customers to participate while 
supporting their charities of choice. 
In addition, they can buy Play For Purpose tickets 
in the same transaction as their favourite lottery 
games marking a new era of our customers 
giving back while being in the running to win 
great prizes. 
Read more in the Community chapter.A Year in Review
(i)    Total number of Lotteries early intervention communications delivered to customers as a proportion of total active registered Lottery customers.
(ii)   Total number of Keno early intervention communications delivered to customers as a proportion of total active online Keno customers.
7.96%
Keno Responsible 
Play Early 
Intervention 
Communications(ii)73%
Employee  
Engagement
0.31% 
Lotteries Responsible 
Play Early Intervention 
Communications(i)Implemented Mandatory 
Spend Limits and 
Continuous Play Alerts 
for online Keno
42.5%
Women in Senior 
Leadership
Net Zero 2030
Scope 1 and 2 roadmap developed
↑ 2% from FY24
↑ 2.1% from FY24Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment 8 | The Lottery Corporation — 2025 Sustainability Report   | 8 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment

=== Page 9 ===
12
4
6
7
1012141516
3
5
8 91317
11
2024 Sustainability Repor t  |  14Reporting What Matters
The Lottery Corporation’s first materiality assessm ent a s a n ew entity was completed in March 2023 and 
enabled us to better understand topics that most affect, or have the potential to affect, our ability to 
create value for our stakeholde rs.
The assessm ent w as informed by an initial desktop review and subsequent w orkshops, s takeholde r 
interviews and surveys over a four-month per iod. A materiality assessm ent m ethodolo gy was developed 
to inform the scoring of topics and creation of a materiality matrix, d rawing on The Lottery Cor poration's 
existing risk framework and stakeholder p rioritisation.
The assessm ent has helped us to identify risks and oppor tunities and define the priorities of our first 
sustainability strategy.
Detailed information on these topics, as well a s how we are managing them, can be found throughou t this 
repor t. For our material topics please see our Sustainability Supplement.
Our materiality assessm ent is performed every two years and will be refreshed in FY25. 
Materiality Assessment Key Themes
The materiality assessm ent identified 26 material 
topics that revealed key themes:
Responsible Play
As a company operating in the gambling sector, 
respon sible gambling and caring for customers were 
identified as central to our sustainability.
Security
Cyber security and data privacy and protection were 
in heightened focus for external stakeholde rs and for 
ourselves in the current landscape.
Community contribution
Connection and contribution to community through 
our retail a nd venue networks, corporate giving and 
charitable games is seen a s part of the fabric of The 
Lottery Corporation.
Our People
Our people are integral to our business. Attraction, 
retention, engage ment a nd health, safety and 
wellbe ing are ongoing areas of focus for our team, 
whilst embracing uniqueness and diversity.
Ethical and Responsible Busines s
Whilst our environme ntal footprint is small, action 
on climate was an expectation as an ethical and 
respon sible business.United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals
Sustainable Developm ent G oals (SDGs ) are a s et of 17 
interconnected goal s that form a g loba l ben chma rk for 
achieving a s ustainable future for all.
In FY24 w e mappe d our material topics against the 
SDGs to determine which goals our organ isation is able 
to materially contribute to, considering our key risks 
and oppor tunities across our value chain. We ident ified 
seven priority SDGs t o contribute to in the context of our 
oper ations and relevant regulatory requirements:
Goal 3: Good H ealth and W ellbeing
Goal 5: Gender Equality
Goal 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth
Goal 10: Reduced Inequalities
Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities
Goal 13: Climate Action
Goal 17: Partnerships for the GoalsReporting What Matters
Every two years, we perform a materiality assessment 
to better understand and reflect topics that are 
material to our business and our stakeholders, and to 
identify key risks and opportunities to create value.
The results of our assessment inform our strategic 
priorities and enable us to report on what matters.In FY25 we conducted a new materiality assessment.
This broad-range assessment included a landscape 
review, and insights incorporated from interviews and 
consultation with internal and external stakeholders, 
including investors, regulators, community partners, 
internal leaders and team members. 
Using a double materiality assessment approach, we 
identified topics material from a financial perspective 
(how topics may affect our financial performance) and an impact perspective (how our activities impact 
society and the environment).
Our full materiality matrix can be found on page 49. 
Information on our material topics, as well as how we 
are managing them, can be found throughout this 
report.Aligning with Global Goals
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a 
set of 17  interconnected goals that form a global 
benchmark for achieving a sustainable future for all.
In FY24 we mapped our material topics against the 
SDGs to determine which goals our organisation 
is able to materially contribute to, considering 
our key risks and opportunities across our value 
chain. We identified six priority SDGs to contribute 
to in the context of our operations and relevant 
regulatory requirements:
Goal 3 – Good Health and Well-being  
Goal 5 – Gender Equality 
Goal 8 – Decent Work and Economic Growth  
Goal 10 – Reduced Inequalities  
Goal 11 – Sustainable Cities and Communities  
Goal 17 – Partnerships for the GoalsOur Material Topics
• Financial performance
• Technology, innovation 
and AI
• Customer experience
• Risk and crisis  
management
• Regulatory compliance
• Public policy engagement
• Value chain management• Responsible gambling
• Cyber and data  
security
• Data privacy
• Corporate governance 
and transparency
• Ethical conduct 
and integrity
• Tax transparency
• Human rights• Community contribution 
and impact
• Resilient retailer and 
venue partners
• First Nations engagement 
and reconciliation• Employee health safety 
and wellbeing
• Diversity, equity, inclusion 
and belonging
• Employee attraction, 
engagement and retention• Climate resilience and  
adaptation
• GHG emissions reduction
• Biodiversity
• Circularity and resource 
efficiencyBusiness Performance Responsible and 
Ethical BusinessPartners and 
CommunityOur People Environment9 | The Lottery Corporation — 2025 Sustainability Report   | 9 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment
 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment

=== Page 10 ===
Operating  
our Business and 
Products  
Responsibly 
Supporting 
our Community 
 
Reducing our 
Environmental  
Impact 
 
Nurturing  
our PeopleOur Sustainability 
Strategy
Description
Our GoalsWe operate our business 
ethically and responsibly, 
helping customers to have 
fun while recognising our 
responsibility to help protect 
them from potential and 
actual harms that may arise 
from using our products.We have an important role 
to play in our communities, 
through supporting small 
business and collaborating 
with our philanthropic and 
foundation partners to 
deliver impactful outcomes 
where they are needed.We strive to create a great 
place for our people to 
work,  where we embrace 
their uniqueness, invest in 
their wellbeing and support 
their development.We take action to reduce our 
impact on the environment, 
through our business 
operations and influencing 
value chain activities.
Goal 1 – Support our players 
by providing appropriate 
harm minimisation and 
responsible gambling 
programs reflective of the 
profile of our products.
Goal 2  – Lay solid 
foundations for the 
protection of data.Goal 3  – Establish 
and maintain 
ethical and mutually 
beneficial partnerships.
Goal 4  – Continue to 
support the growth of small 
businesses as a critical 
distribution channel.
Goal 5  – Engage in 
partnerships that build 
resilient communities.Goal 6  – Respect and nurture 
the uniqueness of our people 
by promoting diversity, equity, 
inclusion and belonging.
Goal 7  – Invest in the 
psychological, physical and 
emotional wellbeing of our 
team members.Goal 8  – Plan to reach net zero 
emissions by 2030.
Goal 9  – Reduce environmental 
impacts from our supply chain.
Goal 10 – Reduce paper usage 
and increase recycling across 
our business operations.Our Pillars
Our purpose is to create positive impacts. With more 
than 9.5 million customers(i) and products sold across 
metropolitan, regional and remote communities 
in seven states and territories, we are in a unique 
position to leverage our reach to deliver positive 
economic, social and environmental contributions.
Our sustainability strategy, first published in FY24, 
outlines our ambitions for positive impact, with 
targets set to FY25.
In FY25 we refreshed our sustainability strategy, 
aligning our goals to our enterprise strategy, 
new materiality assessment findings, and setting 
performance measures and targets.
Our refreshed strategy, including goals and 
performance targets, will be published in early 2026.
Embedding sustainability in strategic 
decision making
In recognition of the importance of sustainability 
in creating enduring value for stakeholders, 
sustainability performance metrics are 
embedded in the organisation’s short-term 
incentive (STI) plan through both key scorecard 
measures and a STI sustainability modifier.
(i)     Active customer numbers based on Roy Morgan Gambling Monitor, July 
2024 – June 2025. Based on percentage of respondents who had purchased 
a lottery product over the last 12 months in The Lottery Corporation’s 
jurisdictions of operations (ex. WA), and weighted against the Australian 
adult population as at March 2025, based on Australian Bureau of Statistics 
monthly estimates.10 | The Lottery Corporation — 2025 Sustainability Report   | 10 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment

=== Page 11 ===
Pillar Key Performance Indicator FY25 Target FY25 Performance Status
Operating our business and 
products responsiblyMaintain WLA Responsible Gaming Framework certification Level 4 WLA certification Retained Level 4 WLA certification
Percentage (%) of new or reformatted games designed using Gamgard insights screening 100% 100%
Of the player activity flagged as potentially at-risk by early intervention models,  
the percentage (%) that is supported with an early intervention (i) 100%Keno: 100%
Lotteries: 100%
Percentage (%) of operational outlets/venues surveyed for alignment to responsible gambling 
requirements100%Keno: 99.3%(ii)
Lotteries: 100%
Supporting our communityCommissions paid to retailers/venue partners N /A $655m retailer and venue commissions N /A
Overall community contributions >$5m$5.2m total community contributions comprising:
• $1.3m through The Lottery Corporation operating 
expenditure
• $1.9m through unclaimed prize money
• $2.0m through state licence agreements
Funds raised for charities through our support of the 50-50 Foundation N /A $4.2m N /A
Nurturing our peoplePercentage of female representation at Senior Leader level 40% by 2025 42.5%
Employee engagement 70% 73%
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 0.0 0.0
Reducing our environmental 
impactGreenhouse Gas Emissions Develop 2030 Net Zero Roadmap Scope 1 and 2 Net Zero 2030 Roadmap developedFY25 Sustainability Performance
Achieved Substantially 
AchievedNot Achieved
(i)     Early intervention means attempting to contact or intervene in a registered customer’s play experience after detecting material changes in customer play behaviour for the purpose of 
offering responsible gambling support.
(ii)    Completion of audits was impacted by factors including lack of accessibility due to natural disasters, remoteness of location, temporary closures and/or scheduling. To address these 
issues, The Lottery Corporation has established a working group to review and enhance our current venue and outlet survey process.11 | The Lottery Corporation — 2025 Sustainability Report   | 11 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment
 Introduction Governance Responsibility Community Our People Environment