=== Page 6 ===
Welcome to our 2024 Sustainability Report. 
At TechnologyOne, we dream big and deliver.  
Our 2024 Sustainability Report reflects our 
dedication to tackle the complex, with one eye on 
today’s challenges and the other on the future for 
our communities and the planet, while ensuring 
TechnologyOne’s long-term success.
Responsible business 
We understand that we have 
a responsibility to harness the 
transformative power of technology 
to drive positive change and minimise 
our environmental and social footprint.  
Our dedication to sustainability is not 
just a moral obligation but a strategic 
initiative. Our goals are not static, 
they evolve as the world evolves, and 
we innovate and adapt to address 
emerging challenges.  
The journey towards a sustainable 
future is not without challenges, but 
these challenges present us with our 
greatest opportunities for growth and 
innovation.  
Corporate sustainability and 
accountability are areas we know 
our stakeholders are invested in. This 
report outlines how fundamental 
principles of sustainability are to the 
way we operate.  
Protecting our environment   
We’re proud to be Climate Active 
carbon-neutral certified for our global 
operations and are focused on 
continuing to reduce our impact on 
the environment. 
TechnologyOne has a target to 
reduce our Scope 1 and 2 global 
emissions by 80 per cent by 2025 and 
100 per cent by 2030. With this focus, 
as of FY24 we have moved to using 
renewable energy in six of our ten 
head offices globally. By doing this, 
we have already reduced our Scope 
1 & 2 GHG emissions by 69% over the 
FY22 base year. By the end of FY25, through this initiative our carbon 
footprint will have reduced by 81%.  
Climate change presents both 
risks and opportunities for society 
and the global economy where 
greenhouse gas reductions require 
universal transformation from 
business, government, and individuals 
collectively.  
We continue to align our sustainability 
program with the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals to contribute 
towards meaningful change and the 
TCFD recommendations. 
Supporting our customers and 
communities  
I’m immensely proud of the 
TechnologyOne Foundation’s efforts 
to support our communities. We 
remain committed to making a 
difference to disadvantaged youths, 
by empowering them to transform 
their lives and create their own 
pathways to success. 
As of this year, we’ve positively 
impacted the lives of over 102,462 
children and their families to break the 
cycle of poverty through education, 
learning, health, and wellbeing 
support. Thanks to our team members 
who passionately volunteered 
for charities around the globe, 
contributing to over 8,824 volunteer 
hours this year.   
Our Foundation continues to be a 
proud member of the Pledge 1% 
movement, donating 1% of profit, 
product, and team members time to 
our communities.  I’m also proud to share our first 
official step toward reconciliation as 
we launch our Reflect Reconciliation 
Action Plan. This is a pivotal step for 
us, formalising our commitment to 
reconciliation and honouring the rich 
cultural heritage of Australian’s First 
Nations peoples. 
Investing in our people  
Our people are our greatest 
competitive advantage. Every day 
they see opportunities to innovate, 
create, and find simple solutions to 
complex problems. We continue to 
value our team through investment 
in engagement, career paths, 
wellbeing programs and capabilities. 
For nine years running we’ve been 
named as the ABA Employer of 
Choice, highlighting our longstanding 
commitment to develop a strong 
culture and the TechnologyOne Way. 
I’m proud of our sustainability 
achievements and thank our team 
members for their contribution to our 
sustainability agenda. I'm pleased to 
present this report to shareholders, 
customers, our team and wider 
stakeholders for the financial year 1 
October 2023 to 30 September 2024. 
Edward Chung  
Chief Executive Officer
and Managing Director
11
Making life simple for our community 10
TechnologyOne Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 15 ===
Recognising the history, 
culture and achievements of 
Aboriginal and Torres Strait 
Islander people
In July we recognised NAIDOC 
Week, encouraging engagement in 
the wider community for curiosity 
and reflection on Australia’s history, 
culture, and achievements of 
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander 
peoples.  
We also launched our Reflect 
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). With 
strong community ties through our 
Foundation and a commitment to 
diversity, inclusion and belonging our 
Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) is a 
great opportunity to formalise and 
embed the principles of reconciliation 
across our business.  
As we kick off the reconciliation 
journey, we reflect on our core 
values and the impact we aim to 
make in the communities we serve. 
At its heart, reconciliation is about 
strengthening relationships between 
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander 
people and non-indigenous people, 
for the benefit of all Australians.  Our first RAP helps prepare us on 
how to engage in reconciliation 
meaningfully. Starting with engaging 
and educating team members 
and leaders on the importance of 
reconciliation.   
Responsible sourcing   
Our supply chain encompasses over 
940 direct suppliers across more than 
10 countries. The goods and services 
we procure are predominantly 
provided from Australia, New Zealand, 
Malaysia, the United Kingdom, the 
United States and Canada. IT and 
technology represents our largest 
procurement category and accounts 
for close to 50  per cent of total 
supplier spend. 
Our Supplier Code of Conduct sets 
our minimum supplier expectations 
on human rights, labour standards, 
ethical standards, and environmental 
management. We aim to cascade 
sustainable practices through 
our supply chain by prioritising 
engagements with suppliers who 
have established ESG goals. 
Through our onboarding and tender 
processes, we ask our suppliers a 
range of pre-qualification questions 
to assess their corporate governance ethical practices.  
Additionally, we have joined a 
procurement network that consists 
of procurement representatives 
from other technology sector 
companies. Within this network we 
discuss our experience in ESG related 
procurement, and suppliers used that 
support and promote ESG initiative’s 
to actively reduce GHG emissions 
and proactively provide reporting on 
GHG emissions.  
Business integrity 
Our suppliers are expected to comply 
with all applicable local, national, and 
international laws and regulations, 
including in relation to bribery and 
corruption, modern slavery, and 
ethical conduct. In FY24, we issued 
ESG assessment questionnaires to 
our strategic and high-risk suppliers 
to confirm they have policies and/or 
processes in place to: 
• Comply with all applicable local 
and national laws  
• Commit employees to ethical 
conduct, standards, and 
behaviours.  
 Human rights and labour 
conditions  
Our suppliers are expected to provide 
a fair, ethical, and safe workplace, 
which upholds high standards 
of human rights and integrates 
appropriate labour and human 
rights policies and practices into its 
business.  
During the year, we asked our 
strategic and high-risk suppliers to 
confirm they have policies and/or 
processes in place to:  
• Comply with all applicable 
employment and industrial 
relations laws and standards 
relevant to workers’ rights 
• Have whistleblowing mechanisms 
in place to enable people to 
report matters of concern. 
Identifying, assessing, and 
addressing modern slavery 
risks 
We consider any form of modern 
slavery to be unacceptable and 
acknowledge our responsibility to 
help eradicate it. During the year, we 
assessed over 180  new suppliers or those with altered supply agreements 
over $1,000 for modern slavery risk. 
All our suppliers are expected to 
identify, prevent, and address modern 
slavery risks and to hold their supply 
chains to the same standard. 
Our standard supply contract terms 
include enforceable undertakings 
against modern slavery and human 
rights contraventions.  
If we identify adverse human rights 
impacts (such as modern slavery) 
that we may have caused, or which 
we may have contributed to, we will 
seek to address these impacts in line 
with the guidance provided under the 
United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights, including 
by providing or cooperating in 
remediation activities.  
For more information, see our 2024 
Modern Slavery Statement.  Our next steps include plans 
to: 
• Continue to develop Playbooks 
for each business unit across 
TechnologyOne.
• Further enhance our cybersecurity 
risk management practices to 
keep pace with the evolving threat 
landscape and to continue to 
support our customers. 
• Strengthen our local and skill-
based volunteering community 
investment by increasing the 
uptake of our team member 
volunteer days to connect them 
with their personal purpose and 
the community. 
• Explore alternate engagement 
opportunities with our 
Foundation partners to deepen 
our understanding of how we 
can best support the needs 
of our beneficiaries and other 
underprivileged groups. 
• Further embed our Supplier Code 
of Conduct and strengthening 
our supplier due diligence and 
screening processes. 
29
Making life simple for our community 28
TechnologyOne Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 21 ===
We’re committed 
to playing our 
part in limiting 
climate change.
We understand that climate action is an evolving 
landscape with rising expectations. Our environmental 
strategy expresses our commitment to addressing climate change and conducting our operations 
sustainably and transparently.Performance at a glance
Maintained Climate 
Active carbon neutral 
certification for our 
global operationsDecreased our global 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by 69 per cent against 
FY22
Started working with a 
Procurement Network to 
identify, promote, and 
engage with Scope 3 
suppliers that actively 
promote and undertake 
GHG emissions  
reductions initiatives69%
41
Making life simple for our community 40
TechnologyOne Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 22 ===
Carbon reductions 
We accept the science of climate 
change and the Paris Agreement 
which aims to limit global 
temperatures well below 2°C above 
pre-industrial temperatures.  
Climate change mitigation will require 
deep and permanent greenhouse 
gas (GHG) reductions as part of 
a universal transformation from 
business, government, and individuals 
collectively.  Within this challenge 
we will seek to identify and manage 
both the risks and opportunities that present themselves. 
While our day-to-day operations 
don’t have a material impact on the 
environment, we’re committed to 
continually lifting the bar to reduce 
our carbon emissions to the lowest 
amount possible and offsetting 
remaining amounts to maintain 
carbon neutrality.  
In FY23, we strengthened this 
commitment by setting targets to 
reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by 80 per cent by 2025 and 100 per 
cent by 2030 from a FY22 baseline.  As of FY24, we have accelerated the 
implementation of using renewable 
energy in six out of ten of our our 
head offices globally. Projects are in 
place to cutover remaining offices in 
FY25. By doing this, we have already 
reduced our carbon footprint by 69 
per cent over our FY22 base line. By 
the end of FY25, through this initiative 
our Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions is 
forecast to reduce by 82% and we’ll 
see a 100% reduction in our GHG 
emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by the 
end of FY26, which is four years ahead 
of our original FY30 target.  
This is 
how we’re 
doing itOur goal is to reduce 
our carbon emissions 
to the lowest amount 
possible and maintain  
a carbon neutral status
Categories Climate reduction initiatives
Employee engagementIncrease team member awareness and engagement on driving 
carbon reductions.
Operational reductionsBecome more energy efficient, increase renewable energy, reduce 
our consumption and waste, and recycle and reuse e-waste.  
Supplier engagementCultivate demand for lower-carbon solutions and prioritise suppliers 
who are carbon neutral or have a proven commitment to acting on 
climate change as the differentiator where product and price  
is similar.Carbon neutral certification  
TechnologyOne’s global operations 
are carbon neutral. In FY20 and 
FY21 we achieved Climate Active 
certification for our Australian 
operations and in FY22 we expanded 
our certification to include our global 
operations. We apply for Climate 
Active certification annually in arrears 
in October. In FY24 our certification 
for FY23 was maintained, where we’ll 
report on the outcome of our FY24 
certification in our FY25 Sustainability 
Report.  
While TechnologyOne has committed 
to reducing its carbon emissions, we 
use carbon offsets to compensate for 
the residual emissions generated as 
part of our operations. We recognise 
that offsetting emissions is an interim 
strategy to minimise the impact of 
our emissions as we work towards 
decarbonisation.  
These carbon offsets are sourced 
in compliance with the Department 
of Climate Change, Energy, the 
Environment, and Water’s Climate 
Active standard. The Climate Active 
standard requires eligible offsets to 
meet Integrity Principles (based on 
the Carbon Credits (CFI) Act 2011). 
These offsets may be issued under 
schemes governed by the Clean 
Energy Regulator in Australia and the 
international Verra and Gold Standard 
schemes. These schemes rely on 
robust science-based methodologies, measurement, and independent 
ongoing verification requirements.  
The projects and offset units are 
verified by independent auditors 
through internationally recognised 
standards. These standards ensure 
the projects are implemented, run 
and managed properly and the 
credits they generate represent real 
and actual emissions sequestered or 
avoided.  
For every tonne of carbon 
attributable to TechnologyOne, a 
tonne of carbon credits is purchased 
by TechnologyOne and retired.  
When choosing which carbon credits 
to retire, TechnologyOne prioritises 
carbon credits that result in funds 
returning to under-developed 
communities that do not have basic 
infrastructure (clean water, health 
services and improper sanitisation). 
In FY24, TechnologyOne offset 13,916 
tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions 
with the purchase and retirement of 
certified carbon credits. Our carbon 
footprint measurement is completed 
internally with external advisory 
support from Pangolin Associates as 
subject matter experts. 
Environmental management 
and climate risk 
We’re committed to maintaining our 
carbon-neutral status and reducing 
the carbon footprint in our supply arrangements to support global 
efforts to limit climate change in line 
with the Paris Agreement. During the 
year, we asked our key suppliers to 
confirm they have policies and/or 
processes in place to comply with 
all applicable environmental laws 
and regulations relevant to their 
operations. Through our engagement, 
we also sought to understand 
their position on environmental 
management and their progress in 
achieving carbon neutral status. 
Maturing our TCFD capacity 
and implementing the IFRS 
Sustainability Disclosure 
Standards 
As part of our progress to date, 
TechnologyOne has adopted an 
iterative approach to implementing 
the TCFD recommendations and to 
identify, measure, manage, assure, 
and report on climate-related risks 
and opportunities.  
With the 9 September 2024 
passing of mandatory climate-
related financial disclosures, moving 
forward we will progress maturity on 
quantifying the impacts of climate-
related risks and opportunities, and 
the metrics and targets for measuring, 
monitoring and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities, 
amongst other key areas, in 
transitioning to the new disclosure 
standards ahead of legislated 
timeframes.There’s a powerful business case in implementing energy-efficient practises and technologies –where a 15 per cent 
increase in Australian organisations transitioning from on-premise solutions to SaaS by 2025 could see energy use reduce 
by 80 per cent, aiding Australia to avoid 4Mt of CO2-e emissions by 2030. (source: Australian and New Zealand Governments)
43
Making life simple for our community 42
TechnologyOne Sustainability Report 2024