=== Page 3 ===
Message from the CEO
I am pleased to share our 2023 
Sustainability Report and provide 
an update on the progress we have 
made on behalf of our people, 
customers, shareholders, and the 
communities we serve.
Customer wellbeing 
The protection and service of our 
customers remain important 
components of our Sustainability 
Strategy.
In 2023, we continued to build on 
our defences against cyber security 
threats through significant 
investments in our systems and 
controls. These expanded security 
capabilities, transformed IT 
architecture, and standardised 
policies have been built to better 
protect customers from harmful 
scams and fraud.
Through cross-industry 
collaboration, we actively engaged 
in initiatives to protect customers 
and explore new intelligence 
sharing partnerships.
We have also formalised our 
Customer Wellbeing Strategy, 
driving further focus on how we can 
best support customers who face 
vulnerable circumstances.
Environmental responsibility 
Having set our greenhouse gas 
emissions reduction targets at the 
end of 2022, we were proud to 
become the first telco in Australia to 
have its net-zero target validated by 
the Science Based Target initiative 
in 2023. Our short-term and long-
term targets were also validated, 
and classified as in line with a 
1.5°C trajectory, aimed at limiting 
global warming to 1.5°C.
We remain committed to 
powering our operations with 
100 per cent renewable electricity 
from 2025, which will put us in 
a strong position to achieve our 
scope 1 and 2 targets, and we have also begun working with 
our partners and suppliers on 
our scope 3 targets. 
In 2023 we launched our Supplier 
Engagement Program, marking a 
critical step towards embedding 
our sustainability commitments 
throughout our supply chain. This 
program focuses on key areas 
where our suppliers can make a 
meaningful impact, including 
Energy & Emissions, Human Rights 
& Modern Slavery, Nature & 
Biodiversity, and Waste & the 
Circular Economy. 
Inclusion and belonging
At TPG Telecom, diversity and 
inclusion are integral to our vision 
for the future. We have made 
positive progress against our 
gender diversity targets and we 
continued to drive gender pay 
equity for equivalent roles.
As we finalise our Innovate 
Reconciliation Action Plan, we are 
excited to have received conditional 
endorsement from Reconciliation 
Australia. We look forward to its 
launch in 2024, continuing our 
dedication to advancing 
reconciliation efforts.
In 2023, we also established a 
new Employee Resource Group, 
DNA (Disability Network Alliance), 
a dedicated group of employees 
passionate about accessibility in all 
its forms, either as people with lived 
experience of disability or as allies.
Together, these efforts reaffirm our 
commitment to building a future 
where diversity is celebrated, 
reconciliation is not just a goal, 
but a lived reality, and accessibility 
is woven into the fabric of our 
organisation.
Digital economy
In 2023, TPG Telecom continued to 
extend the social and economic 
benefits of connectivity to more communities as we achieved 
significant milestones in our 5G 
rollout and continued to deliver 
essential broadband services to 
millions of Australians. Our 5G 
mobile network now has more than 
3,000 enabled sites across the 
nation, covering more than 98 per 
cent of the population in 12 of 
Australia’s major cities and centres.
Our community investment efforts 
have seen continued growth. With 
increased funding allocated to the 
TPG Telecom Foundation in 2023, 
we strengthened our impact 
through strategic grants and 
donations totalling over $1.3 
million. The success of our Skilled 
Volunteering Program pilot inspired 
us to expand our efforts, leveraging 
the skills and expertise of our 
teams to support charitable causes.
Looking ahead
As we reflect on the 
accomplishments of the past year, 
we enter 2024 energised and 
committed to our Sustainability 
Strategy. We also recognise the 
continuing need for ongoing 
adaptation to emerging challenges.
I would like to thank our dedicated 
team at TPG Telecom, whose 
commitment continues to make 
positive progress on our 
sustainability commitments. I also 
thank our valued customers and 
shareholders for their continued 
support and partnership as we 
navigate the journey ahead.
Iñaki Berroeta
Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director, TPG Telecom
Page 3 |  TPG Telecom Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 7 ===
Sustainability governance
Board
Our highest level of responsibility for sustainability sits 
with the TPG Telecom Board, which is accountable for 
overseeing and monitoring environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) risks and opportunities, including 
climate risk, and the Sustainability Strategy. This is 
detailed within the TPG Telecom Board Charter .
The TPG Telecom Audit & Risk Committee (ARC) 
oversees disclosure by TPG Telecom relating to its 
ESG risks, including climate risk, and how it manages 
or intends to manage those risks. This is detailed 
within the TPG Telecom ARC Charter .
The Board Skills Matrix, approved by the 
Remuneration and Governance Committee and 
Board, sets out the skills and competencies 
considered important for the proper functioning of 
the Board and Committees and to ensure alignment 
with TPG Telecom’s strategic direction and 
operations. It includes ‘sustainability, environment 
and social awareness’, which is represented by 
experience in managing or overseeing sustainability, 
environmental and social risks and issues and 
impacts, including climate issues. This is detailed 
within the TPG Telecom Corporate 
Governance Statement .
Sustainability-related updates, including climate risk, 
are provided to the ARC via quarterly enterprise risk 
updates and six-monthly Sustainability Strategy 
updates. The risk updates focus on TPG Telecom’s 
management of its material risks, while the 
sustainability updates focus on the management of 
our Sustainability Strategy, including tracking 
progress against significant targets and commitments.
Significant sustainability-related targets and 
commitments are presented to the Board and its 
committees for approval. These have included our 
climate risk roadmap, emissions reduction targets, 
renewable energy target and gender 
representation targets.
To support TPG Telecom’s sustainability 
commitments, the TPG Telecom Board has included 
ESG performance measures within the short-term 
incentive (Customer NPS and Employee Experience) 
and long-term incentive (Renewable Energy Target) 
plans for executives, detailed in the Annual Report .Management
TPG Telecom’s Executive Leadership Team (ELT) 
meets regularly to monitor business performance, as 
well as to develop and execute strategy. This includes 
aspects of the Sustainability Strategy, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Head of Sustainability and the Group Executive 
Legal & External Affairs are responsible for the 
execution of the Sustainability Strategy and report 
regularly to the ELT on sustainability matters, 
including climate risk.
The primary forum focused on the TPG Telecom 
Sustainability Strategy is the Sustainability Council, 
which meets on a quarterly basis. The Council, 
chaired by the Group Executive Legal & External 
Affairs, consists of senior leaders from business 
areas and functions across the organisation including 
sustainability, risk, compliance, finance, property, 
procurement, network infrastructure, customer 
(including consumer and enterprise & government), 
people experience, legal, regulatory and others. The 
Council is accountable for overseeing and monitoring 
the execution and delivery of the TPG Telecom 
Sustainability Strategy.
Additional working groups exist to focus on managing 
particular issues or initiatives that underpin our 
broader Sustainability Strategy priorities. These are 
managed by our Head of Sustainability, with senior 
representation from the relevant teams involved.
Risk management
Our Risk Management Framework is the basis for all 
group risk assessments including risks relating to 
ESG factors. We are committed to driving a strong 
risk culture which results in better outcomes for our 
customers, communities, and investors. We conduct 
regular risk assessments at an enterprise and 
business unit level which includes reviewing risks 
relating to ESG matters. For further information on our 
Risk Management Framework and material risks, 
refer to the Material Risks section in our Annual 
Report and our Corporate Governance Statement.
Page 7 |  TPG Telecom Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 15 ===
Environmental 
responsibility
Sections
Carbon footprint 
reduction
Climate risks and 
disclosures
Product 
stewardship
Environmental 
products and 
services
Our commitments:
Action Status
Executing our Climate Risk Roadmap to support compliance with mandatory sustainability 
reporting requirements. (new in 2023)
Developing a strategy and implementation plan to support achievement of science-based 
emissions reduction targets. (new in 2023)
Powering our Australian operations with 100 per cent renewable electricity by 2025.
Working with our suppliers to reduce packaging and increase packaging resource recoverability 
across our products and networks.
Continuing to expand felix as a carbon neutral brand and product targeting one million 
trees planted.
Achieved
 In progress
 Not started
2023 Highlights
Emissions reduction 
targets validated
by the Science Based Target 
initiativeEstablished a Supplier 
Engagement Program
working with suppliers to 
achieve sustainability goals7,581kg
of e-waste collected 
with MobileMuster1,476,453
total trees donated through 
One Tree Planted program 
Page 15 |  TPG Telecom Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 16 ===
Respecting and protecting the environment 
as we grow our business
As Australia's digital economy expands, so does the 
use of telecommunications services. At TPG Telecom, 
we are committed to reducing our impact on the 
environment in our operations and throughout our 
value chain. We endeavour to use our technologies 
to help reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
across society while also enhancing climate 
resilience. Managing our environmental impact is 
important to our employees, customers and investors, 
as well as the communities in which we operate.
Our strategy comprises the following areas 
of focus:
•Climate risks and disclosures
•Carbon footprint reduction 
•Product stewardship
•Environmental products and services
Climate risks and disclosures
At TPG Telecom, we address climate change and its 
effects by identifying and managing risks and 
opportunities as we transition to a low carbon 
economy. Understanding the effects of climate 
change and climate-related events over the coming 
decades will help inform future business decisions 
relating to our operations and value chain.
This is why we have committed to:
•Executing our Climate Risk Roadmap to support 
compliance with mandatory sustainability 
reporting requirements.
We recognise the growing demand for transparent, 
consistent reporting on climate-related risks and 
opportunities. This report details our progress on 
climate risk management in 2023 and efforts to 
reduce the impact of our carbon footprint. This should 
be read in conjunction with the detail on the findings 
of our climate risk assessment and scenario analysis, 
available in our dedicated Climate Change Report .
In preparation for the proposed mandatory disclosure 
requirements, we have outlined our approach to 
climate-related governance, strategy, risk 
management and metrics & targets within the 
Sustainability section of our 2023 Annual Report .
Managing climate risk
TPG Telecom has developed a multi-year roadmap 
which guides our approach to understanding, 
embedding and effectively managing our 
climate risks. In 2023, we made significant progress against this 
roadmap, including:
•Embedding key climate-related risks into our risk 
management framework. This helps us drive a 
consistent approach to the identification, 
prioritisation and assessment of climate-related 
risks and opportunities. Our key climate-related 
risks have been integrated into our enterprise risk 
management processes and explicitly referenced 
within our risk management framework.
•Providing climate-related risk updates to the ELT 
and ARC. Climate Risk is now managed as an 
enterprise risk and will be monitored and reported 
to the ELT and ARC on an ongoing basis.
•Conducting a quantitative scenario analysis. We 
are assessing our exposure to the impact of key 
climate risks and how our existing processes and 
controls mitigate these potential exposures. The 
insights from the scenario analysis will then be 
used to develop appropriate action plans.
In 2024, we will continue to improve climate risk 
identification and assessment processes across our 
operations through training, awareness raising and 
integration with existing strategy and business 
planning processes.
Network resilience
Our networks face various environmental challenges 
that could damage infrastructure and disrupt services 
to our customers. To address this, we continue to 
invest in network resilience and redundancy to protect 
against potential environmental risks. We also work 
to ensure our mobile network base stations remain 
compliant with international and national safety 
standards. We closely monitor our network 
performance and maintain a robust operational 
incident and crisis management process to respond 
swiftly to major incidents. 
We continue to participate in a range of state and 
federal supported initiatives to improve resilience 
and network capability. In recent years we completed 
a significant program to build mobile base stations 
across Australia, through the Commonwealth 
Government's Mobile Black Spot Program. As part 
of the Strengthening Telecommunications Against 
Natural Disasters (STAND) program, which aims 
to improve the resilience of Australia’s 
telecommunications networks in bushfire and 
disaster-prone areas, we upgraded battery backups 
on mobile black spot sites and built temporary 
portable coverage and power solutions. These are 
ready to be rapidly deployed to sites impacted by 
natural disasters.Environmental responsibility  continued 
Page 16 |  TPG Telecom Sustainability Report 2023