=== Page 22 ===
As a result of our consultation process, we determined four key focus areas for our sustainability roadmap: 
• carbon and energy management
• product stewardship (measures such as responsible sourcing, waste reduction and landfill diversion that promote 
a circular economy)
• responsible packaging
• employee wellbeing, and diversity and inclusion (‘D&I’)
We also identified several opportunities to deliver lasting and meaningful change associated with each of these focus areas 
(Figure 10).
Opportunities to deliver lasting and meaningful change
Figure 10: Our sustainability focus areas
Focus area Opportunities Our approach
Carbon 
and energy 
managementWe have an opportunity to:
• transition to renewable energy sources  
for our direct electricity consumption 
• collaborate with property owners to 
investigate renewable energy infrastructure
• reduce our carbon footprint against 
measurable targets.We will: 
• calculate our carbon footprint in line with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard
• establish a carbon reduction plan that sets measurable 
emissions reduction targets and works towards 
decarbonisation
• identify and (where possible) implement energy 
efficiency options.
Product 
stewardshipWe have an opportunity to: 
• transition to lower-impact materials,  
including certified, circular, recycled and 
renewable materials
• divert more waste from landfill by moving into 
the circular economy or recovery alternatives.We will: 
• increase the scope of certification of our range 
• reduce operational waste and increase our   
office waste recovery rate
• continuously review end-of-life product solutions 
to maximise responsible and ethical outcomes. 
Responsible 
packagingWe have an opportunity to meet the 2025 
National Packaging Targets (refer to page 21) by:
• designing packaging for recovery and 
transport efficiency
• optimising material efficiency
• incorporating recycled or renewable materials
• increasing recycling awareness through 
education.We will:
• capture the packaging material of our Private Label 
range and establish a baseline for future reporting
• audit our Private Label packaging data to determine 
recyclability, recycled content and areas for 
improvement
• identify packaging reduction strategies and implement 
change where applicable.
Employee 
wellbeing 
and D&IWe have an opportunity to:
• continue to provide a workplace that 
is inclusive and safe
• give employees the chance to pursue 
personal and professional development 
and learning.We will: 
• partner with more D&I service providers, mentors  
and trainers to further support our D&I journey
• continue to support employee wellbeing with access to 
fully reimbursed mindfulness apps and a free employee 
assistance program (‘EAP’)
• encourage a growth mindset in our employees and 
support their aspirations.
Our sustainability roadmap has been integrated with our broader business strategy and will guide our actions over the next 
three years. 
18
Temple & Webster Group Ltd  18
Temple & Webster Group Ltd  Environment, social and governance
continued

=== Page 23 ===
Caring for the planet
Carbon and energy management
Climate change is one of the most significant crises of our time. It is clear that business as usual is no longer good enough. 
Instead, businesses, communities and countries must step up their efforts to combat climate change by reducing the 
amount of carbon they emit.
In FY21, we disclosed our intention to reduce our carbon footprint. In order to do this, we first needed to assess and 
understand the scale of the issue in relation to our business.
In the current financial year, we partnered with an independent external carbon consultant, Carbon Neutral, to calculate our 
carbon footprint in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard. Carbon emissions are classified as Scope 1, 
Scope 2 and Scope 3. 
Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions that occur as a result of operations that we control, such as the functioning of our 
head office. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions that relate to the consumption of electricity. Scope 3 emissions are 
also indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain outside of our operational control, such as the 
manufacturing, transportation and disposal of our products. 
In FY22 we focused on emissions within our operational control and calculated Scope 1 and 2 emissions. This assessment 
found we emitted 197.21 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions over the course of the 
year. We plan to add the measurement of our Scope 3 emissions – indirect emissions that occur through our value chain – 
in FY23. 
Following the calculation of our carbon inventory we will establish a carbon reduction plan in H1 of FY23 and set measurable 
emission reduction targets for FY24. Our goal is to achieve a 45% carbon reduction by 2030, in line with the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goal (‘SDG’) on climate action.
FY22 Key Achievements
COMPLETED CARBON 
ASSESSMENT
of our Scope 1 and 2 emissionsOur Objectives
WE WILL OFFSET 100% 
of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions from FY22 
in FY23
WE WILL COMMENCE PROCURING RENEWABLE 
ENERGY for our head office in FY23
19
  Annual Report 202219
  Annual Report 2022