=== Table 1 (page 23) ===
Caring for the planet
Carbon and energy management
Climate change is one of the most significant crises of our time. It is clear that business as usual is no longer good enough.
"Instead, businesses, communities and countries must step up their efforts to combat climate change by reducing the"
amount of carbon they emit.
"In FY21, we disclosed our intention to reduce our carbon footprint. In order to do this, we first needed to assess and"
understand the scale of the issue in relation to our business.
"In the current financial year, we partnered with an independent external carbon consultant, Carbon Neutral, to calculate our"
"carbon footprint in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard. Carbon emissions are classified as Scope 1,"
Scope 2 and Scope 3.
"Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions that occur as a result of operations that we control, such as the functioning of our"
head office. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions that relate to the consumption of electricity. Scope 3 emissions are
"also indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain outside of our operational control, such as the"
"manufacturing, transportation and disposal of our products."
In FY22 we focused on emissions within our operational control and calculated Scope 1 and 2 emissions. This assessment
found we emitted 197.21 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions over the course of the
year. We plan to add the measurement of our Scope 3 emissions – indirect emissions that occur through our value chain –
in FY23.
Following the calculation of our carbon inventory we will establish a carbon reduction plan in H1 of FY23 and set measurable
"emission reduction targets for FY24. Our goal is to achieve a 45% carbon reduction by 2030, in line with the United Nations"
Sustainable Development Goal (‘SDG’) on climate action.

=== Table 2 (page 23) ===
"emission reduction targets for FY24. Our goal is to achieve a 45% carbon reduction by 2030, in line with the United Nations",
Sustainable Development Goal (‘SDG’) on climate action.,
FY22 Key Achievements,Our Objectives
COMPLETED CARBON,WE WILL OFFSET 100%
ASSESSMENT,of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions from FY22
of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions,in FY23
,WE WILL COMMENCE PROCURING RENEWABLE
,ENERGY for our head office in FY23