=== Page 3 ===
TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025 TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025
3Important information
This report is in summary form and is not necessarily complete.  
It should be read together with the Company’s other announcements 
lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange, including the  
2025 Annual Report, which are available at www.asx.com.au.  
This report contains information that is based on projected and/or 
estimated expectations, assumptions, or outcomes. Forward-looking 
statements are subject to a range of risk factors. The Company 
cautions against reliance on any forward-looking statements, 
particularly in light of the constantly evolving policy environment 
across our operating markets, shifting consumer preferences and 
priorities, uncertainty as to the rate of development and adoption 
of related technology, the outcomes of future innovation, and the 
inability to accurately predict the future climate and its impacts on 
our operations as well as stakeholder responses. While the Company has prepared this information with due care 
based on its current knowledge and understanding and in good 
faith, there are risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond 
the Company’s control which could cause results to differ from 
projections. The Company will not be liable for the accuracy of 
the information, nor any differences between the information 
provided and actual outcomes, and reserves the right to change its 
projections. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement after the date of this report, subject to 
disclosure obligations. 
This report is unaudited, however independent assurance has been 
obtained in relation to a limited set of performance metrics and 
disclosures. Refer to the About this report section for further detail. 
Information in the report is current as at 30 June 2025 unless 
otherwise stated. References to ‘TWE’, ‘Company’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ 
are to Treasury Wine Estates Limited and/or, except where the 
context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries. All currency referred to in 
the report is in Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated. ContentsTREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025
About Treasury Wine Estates
Message from the Chairman and CEO  6
F25 sustainability highlights  8
Our approach to sustainability  10
Our material topics and commitments 13
Our value chain 16
Stakeholder engagement 17
Corporate governance 19
Risk management 21
Tax transparency 23
Managing human rights 24
About this report 26
Key non-financial performance indicators 28
Building a resilient business
Water stewardship 32
Climate risk and GHG emissions  36
Fostering healthy and inclusive communities
Health, safety and wellbeing  52
Inclusion, equity and diversity  54
Consumer health and responsible drinking  57
Product quality and food safety  60
Community  61
Producing sustainable wine
Sustainable growing and production 66
Research and development 71
Pesticide use and management 72
Responsible supply chain  74
Sustainable packaging and circular economy 76
Waste management 79
Appendix
Aligning with Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards AASB S2 81
Our F26+ commitments 83

=== Page 5 ===
7
TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025We are pleased to present our 2025 Cultivating a brighter future Report, reflecting 
another year of meaningful progress to build a resilient business, foster healthy and inclusive communities, and produce sustainable wine.Message from the Chairman and CEO
Across our global operations, our teams are leading 
initiatives that respond to the changing climate, use natural resources more responsibly, and create positive outcomes for the people and communities where we operate. The focus on sustainability at all levels in the organisation is having an impact inside our business, in our operating regions, and across the global wine industry more broadly.  
The safety of our people remains a non-negotiable priority. 
In F25, we continued to build a culture of safety through our Build Safe Together campaign and leadership training. These efforts contributed to a reduction in serious safety incidents and lost-time injuries across the business, helping us move closer to our long-term ambition of Destination Zero Harm. Embedding a safety culture means we protect what matters most: our people.
We are working to ensure responsible business practices 
underpin everything we do. In F25, we advanced key priorities in environmental stewardship, climate resilience, world-leading innovation and building a diverse and inclusive workforce - reflecting our commitment to cultivating a better future for everyone who touches our business and our products.This year, we were proud to achieve 100% renewable electricity across our global operations - an important milestone in our commitment to reach net zero (scope 1 and 2) by 2030. Electricity represented around 60% of our footprint when the target was set, and we’ve achieved the transition through onsite solar generation, renewable energy certificates and power purchase agreements. The switch to renewable significantly reduces our greenhouse gas emissions while also building long-term resilience across our network.
Collaboration remains a cornerstone of our approach. 
This year, we deepened partnerships with leading organisations including Australia’s national science agency, the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), to future-proof our vineyards through research and breeding programs to cultivate climate-resilient rootstocks. In a major milestone for the long-term research program, the first new-generation vines - combining the heritage of our iconic Coonawarra and Barossa vineyards with mildew-resistant traits - were planted at Wynns Coonawarra Estate in late 2024. Through this long-term collaboration, we’re adapting to a changing climate while reducing the inputs needed in the vineyard and preserving the integrity of Australian wine for future generations.TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025
6Driving progress at scale also means contributing to the broader dialogue on sustainability. This year, we participated in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development’s Two Lakes Dialogue and the World Agri-food Innovation Forum in China, where we shared insights and learned from global leaders across the public and private sectors at the intersection of agriculture, environment, innovation and climate. A global engagement program to share our progress with our regional teams complements our ongoing work with industry, government and local communities to shape shared sustainability outcomes. 
We’re continuing to invest in being a smarter business, 
with a focus on metering technology to provide real time data and insights for gas, electricity and water. In a major milestone, smart water meters are now installed across all our production sites located in high- and medium-risk catchments, providing greater visibility of our water usage and enabling us to use this precious resource more efficiently. Our Treasuring Water strategy continued to guide our water stewardship efforts, including a range of dam lining and covering projects that help us reduce evaporation and make the most of our water storage facilities.
Sustainability certification continues to play an important 
role across our operations. Today, 98.4% of our eligible owned and leased winery and vineyard sites hold regionally-relevant sustainability certification. Certification has a range of benefits that go beyond our operations: it promotes biodiversity and long-term soil health, and also improves traceability and transparency – helping customers and consumers make more informed choices and demonstrating our commitment to mindful custodianship of our local ecosystems and responsible production practices. We will continue to ensure our growers obtain and maintain these certifications.
We’ve kept investing in innovation. In South Australia’s 
Barossa Valley, we commissioned a world-first, $15 million integrated automation system that delivers precision, safety and efficiency benefits in our barrel hall. Another step towards creating a hub of sustainability, technology and innovation at the Barossa Valley site was the launch  of our production facility dedicated to no-alcohol and low-alcohol (NoLo) wine featuring a patent-pending process that locks in flavour as the alcohol is removed from wine. This represents a major milestone in our ambition to lead the NoLo category through scaled innovation, enhanced wine quality and flavour, and more choice for consumers looking to moderate their consumption of alcohol. This investment also supports our broader commitment to advocating responsible consumption and meeting the expectations of today’s wine drinkers.We proudly launched our inaugural Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan in Australia, strengthening engagement with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and showcasing long-standing relationships with First Nations peoples and Country pioneered by many of our vineyard teams across several decades. 
Our efforts in sustainability were recognised by a range 
of prestigious awards programs. We were finalists in the London-based Reuters Global Sustainability Awards 2024, and finalists in the agriculture and environment category of The Australian Financial Review Sustainability Leaders Report 2024. In the US, we were finalists in the sustainability category of Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators list, and in Australia our Barossa Valley automation project was recognised in the best technology category in the Food & Drink Business Hive Awards. 
Throughout the year, we’ve seen the positive impact of our 
sustainability agenda through stronger outcomes, deeper partnerships, and a growing culture of innovation. In the years since we launched our enhanced sustainability strategy, our achievements have provided a strong foundation – but there is more to do. We remain an agricultural business at our core, and we recognise the need for meaningful impact: for our business, our industry, our communities, and our planet. 
As we reach the midway point in this decade for action, 
maintaining momentum is critical to ensuring a resilient, thriving tomorrow.
John Mullen 
ChairmanTim Ford Chief Executive Officer
John Mullen  
ChairmanTim Ford  
 Chief Executive Officer

=== Page 7 ===
10 11
TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025 TREASURY WINE ESTATES – CULTIVATING A BRIGHTER FUTURE REPORT 2025In F25, management focused on delivering outcomes 
across our operational footprint, using strategic roadmaps 
to monitor progress against each public commitment 
and key enablers such as communications, reporting, and 
data. We focused effort on our material topics, identified 
through a structured process, and reflecting stakeholder 
expectations and business priorities. Refer to the Our 
material topics and commitments section for further detail.
Our overall approach remains consistent with previous 
years – sustainability is embedded in our Ambition and 
Game Plan, and driven by our DNA. We’re committed to 
innovation, meaningful partnerships, positive change, and 
leadership in sustainability across the wine and beverages 
sectors. Our progress and outcomes reflect the collective 
effort of our global team, partners, and the broader industry.Our sustainability strategy reflects the areas where we can 
make the greatest impact. We have aligned our efforts 
with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(UN SDGs), and our work responds to global issues across 
a range of sustainability themes. Our eight material topics 
are captured in three focus areas:
> Building a resilient business:  
 We want to ensure our business is resilient in the face of  
increasing uncertainty, complexity, and change. Refer to 
the Building a resilient business section for more detail.
> Fostering healthy and inclusive communities:  
 We want to foster safe, sociable, and connected 
communities where our brands are promoted, and our 
wine is consumed safely and responsibly. Refer to the 
Fostering healthy and inclusive communities section for 
more detail.
> Producing sustainable wine:  
 We want every consumer to experience wine that is 
sustainably grown, made, and packaged. Refer to the 
Producing sustainable wine section for more detail.Our approach to sustainability
Amid a changing global landscape and challenging market conditions, we have 
maintained momentum across our sustainability agenda and broader strategic 
objectives. We continue to build a more resilient business, produce sustainable wine, 
and prioritise the wellbeing of our people, communities, and consumers to support  
our ambition of cultivating a brighter future.  Sustainability governance
A range of governance measures support the delivery 
of our sustainability strategy. Progress against strategic 
roadmaps for each of our public commitments, 
alongside key enablers such as communications, 
reporting, and data, was reported monthly to our 
executive sponsor, with regular reporting to the Executive 
Leadership Team (ELT). We have also established a range 
of internal steering committees across material areas, 
such as mandatory ESG reporting. The Wine Operations 
and Sustainability Committee (WOSC), a sub-committee 
of the Board, provides expert consideration and advice 
on a range of issues, including supply chain sustainability. 
It also has oversight of this annual Cultivating a brighter 
future Report. During the year, the ELT undertook a strategic review of 
the sustainability strategy, coinciding with the conclusion 
of several existing commitments and the launch of our 
new Game Plan. In an assessment of progress, regulatory 
developments, and the evolving ambitions of value chain 
partners, the strategy was determined to be fit for purpose 
in creating long-term value.
The Board oversees TWE’s approach to, and management 
of, sustainability (or ESG) matters and receives updates on 
sustainability and the status of key priorities and initiatives. 
The Board also has oversight of our key ESG disclosures, 
including the Cultivating a brighter future Report.
For further details of our corporate governance practices, 
refer to page 19. 
Cultivating a brighter future
BUILDINGA
RESILIENTBUSINESSFOSTERINGHEALTHYAND
INCLUSIVECOMMUNITIES
PRODUCINGSUSTAINABLEW
INE
WATER
STEWARDSHIPRE
SPONSIB
LESU
PPLY CHAINCLIMATE RISK
AND GHG
EMISSIONSSUS
TAINABLEGROWING ANDPRODUCT
IONHEALTH,
SAFETY AND
WELLBEINGSUSTAINA
BLEPACKAGINGAND CIRCUL
ARECONOMYCONSUMER
HEALTH AND
RESPONSIBLE
DRINKINGINCLUSION, EQUITY AND DIVERSITY
While we’ve made solid progress, there is much to be done to build a resilient business over the long term. We 
acknowledge the need to effectively manage risks and seize emerging opportunities, particularly as the climate and 
global operating environment change. We take our position of industry leadership seriously, and understand our role 
in cultivating a brighter future for everyone who is connected to our business. We remain focused on improving data 
quality, deepening the integration of sustainability considerations across our business, especially carbon and water, and 
supporting collaborative action on key issues in our operating markets.