=== Page 16 ===
OPERATING & FINANCIAL REVIEW
Cybersecurity
The risk of a security breach resulting in the  
loss of system functionality or data.Security team provide oversight of critical cyber-control activities to defend against the evolving threat 
environment.  
Proactive tools and processes provide enhanced detection and monitoring capabilities, secure 
configuration, vulnerability management and strong authentication methods.  
Third party monitoring to understand and mitigate any weaknesses in their cyber defence and 
resilience capabilities.  
Security and awareness programs for all employees.  
Crisis management exercises with the Executive Leadership team and Board. 
Business Resilience  
Ability to withstand and adapt to disruptions 
that may impact business operations, people, and/or assets.Tyro monitors the health of our technology systems and conduct security risk assessments, threat monitoring, and business continuity planning across a range of disruption scenarios.
We have enhanced our approach to business continuity and service provider management to better 
safeguard critical operations from disruption, and to support compliance with the new APRA Prudential Standard CPS 230, which was effective 1 July 2025.
Service provider governance processes are in place to identify and manage the risk of service provider 
disruptions.  
Crisis management exercises are conducted with the Executive Leadership team and Board to ensure a 
coordinated response to disruption events.
Third Party
Failure to choose and manage third party suppliers effectively, resulting in loss of system functionality or data, business disruption, customer churn and/or reputational damage.Commitment to obtaining goods and services in a transparent, ethical, and competitive manner, consistent with our risk profile and policies.  Service providers are assessed to identify and mitigate modern slavery risks and issues.
Contract owners manage in-life relationships to ensure compliance with contractual obligations and 
performance requirements. This includes business resilience and security  assurance. 
Credit and Fraud risk
Losses from failure of counterparties to meet 
their financial obligations to Tyro.Defined credit risk and fraud risk indicators set in the Group Risk Appetite Statement.  
Tyro’s credit risk management framework and policies govern credit risk-taking activities and reflect 
the priorities established by the Board. Regular monitoring of credit quality, arrears, policy exceptions and policy breaches.  
Established provisions for credit impairment based on current information and our expectations. 
Market Risk
Losses from unexpected changes in market 
rates and prices.Defined market risk indicators set in the Group Risk Appetite Statement.  
Tyro’s market risk policy outlines how Tyro will manage market risks particular to our  business.  
Tyro’s Asset and Liability Committee provides management within the Board set risk appetite limits. 
Liquidity Risk  
Ability to meet financial obligations as they fall due.Defined liquidity risk indicators set in the Group Risk Appetite Statement.  
Tyro’s Liquidity Risk Framework and policies allow effective liquidity management from identification 
through to a liquidity crisis management.  
Forecasting of future capital requirements and available capital resources to manage the business to 
our required levels of regulatory capital, target adequacy levels and internal capital triggers, over a forecast period. 
Competition and disruption
New competitors or technologies that impact Tyro’s ability to drive customer growth and deliver on our strategy.Tyro’s strategy aims to address current and emerging competition risk. Processes in place for monitoring and responding to competitor and market activity.  
Development of strategic partnerships and acquisitions in companies that drive new  technology. 
Environmental and social risks  
Ability to recognise and address environmental, social or corporate governance (ESG) issues.Tyro’s approach to sustainability and climate change risk is managed through our Sustainability Framework with priority targets set by the Board.  
Regular review and oversight of ESG initiatives and risks by our Executive Leadership team.  
Diversity targets, diversity and inclusion programs and carbon emission management program.
Concentration risk
Reliance on a limited number of products, 
industry verticals and geographical regions to 
drive growth.Focus on promoting value-adding services to existing customers: merchant cash advance, transaction 
account, term deposit account and Tyro Connect.  
Growth of our Tyro Health business through a simple, unified solution for payments and claiming.
Expansion into new sub-verticals.
Geopolitical
Geopolitical issues and tension could threaten 
the Australian economy and destabilise supply chains, disrupting operations and impact our business and growth strategy.The Board and the Executive Leadership team monitors conditions and maintains provisions and capital for a range of potential economic scenarios.  
Investment in expanding and updating our terminal offering to mitigate potential hardware supply 
issues.  
Monitoring and ensuring sufficient hardware stock levels to meet customer demand. 
Economic environment
Significantly weakened global conditions could  
harm our business and financial position. Regular financial oversight and monitoring across markets.  Financial analysis, scenario modelling and stress testing for a range of economic scenarios. Digital adoption
Ability to respond to customers' demand 
for simple and innovative digital services and products.Acceleration of our digital strategy.  
Investing in technology and digital platforms to drive efficiency and improve customer experience. 
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Ability to manage risks and opportunities from 
Artificial Intelligence, leading to reputational, 
regulatory and/or financial impacts.   Researching the implications of AI and investing in our products and technology to leverage AI to 
enhance customer outcomes and improve Tyro’s operating efficiency. 
Enhancing customer service using AI.
Year ended 30 June 2025  | 31 30 | Annual Report 2025

=== Page 23 ===
Risk assessment 
As part of our Sustainability Framework, in 2025 we conducted a 
sustainability risk assessment to ensure we:
•  i dentified the environmental, social and governance risks and 
opportunities that may have a material impact on our value over the short, medium and long-term; 
•  p rovided evidence explaining the materiality of the risk and how it 
impacts our business value chain; 
•  r ecognised the impact that our business has on stakeholders 
including employees, customers, shareholders, suppliers, regulators and the community, and describe how we incorporate the view of our stakeholders as part of our risk assessment; 
•  d escribed our policies and procedures for managing our 
environmental and social impact over the short, medium and long-term; and 
•  d eveloped a system to evaluate whether our sustainability 
policies and procedures are effective, including performance against annual metrics and targets. 
Materiality
We apply a materiality threshold to the identified risks so only the most important risks (those that would have the largest impact should they eventuate) are managed and monitored. 
As part of our materiality assessment, we engage with our 
stakeholders to identify topics with the potential to provide the most impact for our business including our people, customers, suppliers, shareholders, and the community. 
Our materiality process is as follows:   
•  i dentify sustainability topics from internal risk areas and external 
research; 
•  e ngage with key stakeholders related to those topics to 
understand and rate according to level of importance; and 
•  r eview sustainability topics with our Line Two Risk team to 
assess level of impact and likelihood for each risk topic. As part of our Operational Risk Management Framework, Tyro uses a 5 x 5 Impact and Likelihood Matrix that assesses risks on a 5-point scale (insignificant through to critical) based on the impact to our reputation, legal / regulatory, people, customers, operational, 
and financial performance   
Tyro conducts a materiality assessment, to understand how the sustainability risks, including climate, could reasonably impact Tyro in the short, medium, and long-term time horizons. These time horizons align with Tyro’s Strategic and Emerging Risk Radar and are linked to Tyro’s overall planning for broader business strategic decision making.Sustainability Risk Materiality Assessment
Risk assessment 
Impact: 
High:   
Consequences have a significant impact on the business. 
Losses are significant.
Medium:   
Consequences threaten the efficiency of the business.  
Losses are notable but not significant.Low:  
Consequences are remediated with minor operational impact. 
Losses are minimal.
 Time Horizon: 
Short-term:   
Impacts already seen.
Medium-term:  
Impact expected within 1-5 years.Long-term:  
Impact expected with 5-10 years.We recognise our role to align with the government, other businesses, and the broader community to address climate change. 
Our sustainability strategy includes initiatives to reduce Tyro's environmental footprint, encourage our suppliers to consider the 
environmental impact of their operations, and support our customers in becoming more sustainable.   SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGYSUSTAINABILITY  
SUSTAINABILITY RISK ASSESSMENT  
Risk Description Potential Impact Risk Type ESG  Response (Controls) Time 
Horizon
Climate 
transition Shifts in climate and weather patterns could result in Tyro’s assets 
being impacted. 
Tyro’s reputation could also 
be impacted if we fail to make 
commitments, or meet community 
and shareholder expectations, with regards to climate action e.g. 
reducing our carbon emissions, waste 
management etc.Supply chain of terminals; 
Reputation.Strategic. Environmental
•  E SG risk assessments.
•  P ublic disclosure and 
proactive communication 
of ESG risks, targets, 
actions plans and 
progress.Medium to 
long-term.
Climate 
reporting 
requirements Risk of failure to comply with 
current and emerging climate and 
sustainability risk regulations 
could result in Tyro exposed to penalties, fines and increased 
supervisory oversight.
The risk of Tyro making inaccurate 
or misleading representations about our ESG strategy, commitments 
and implementation plans to 
achieve them.Penalties, fines and increased supervisory 
oversight.Non-financial. Environmental Regulatory Framework. Short to 
medium-
term.
Business 
Disruption from climate-
related 
physical event Extreme climate-related physical events could temporarily disrupt Tyro’s ability to provide services to 
customers due to supplier disruption 
and/or resourcing (i.e. our people are impacted and are unable to work).Disruption to physical assets or customer services.Non-financial. Environmental Business continuity planning and resilience testing, specific to climate events. Short to medium-term.
Credit risk 
from climate-
related physical event The risk of environmental or adverse 
events e.g. floods or bushfires, 
increases the risk of business stress and potential loan losses as well 
as an impact on Tyro’s corporate 
resources.Increased loan  
default losses.
Disruption to 
customer services.Financial. Environmental
•  Financial support 
programs. 
•  T yro may consider future 
lending decisions based 
on high-risk geographic 
areas.Short to medium-
term.
Employee RelationsThe risk of not attracting and retaining capable and engaged 
employees by supporting their 
wellbeing, ensuring fair and equitable remuneration, and helping them 
develop their career.  Tyro requires a 
diverse and inclusive culture for our workforce to better serve the varied 
needs of customers.Low employee 
satisfaction leading 
to high employee 
attrition, inability to attract top talent, and 
ultimately impacting 
customer offering.Non-financial. Social 
•  T alent Selection and 
Onboarding processes.
•  L earning and career 
development programs.
•  Employee engagement 
metrics, employee feedback channels.
•  S uite of HR policies 
including Performance Management; Leave; 
Equality of Employment; 
Diversity.Short-
term.
Supplier 
practices including 
modern slavery The risk that Tyro’s third-party 
suppliers may not fulfil their own ESG commitments or align with Tyro’s ESG 
commitments.Reputation and 
potential business disruption to 
replace supplier. Non-financial. Social + 
Governance
•  C ommitment to obtaining 
goods and services in a transparent, ethical and 
competitive manner, 
consistent with risk profile and policies – 
Procurement policy.
•  S uppliers assessed to 
identify and mitigate 
modern slavery risks and 
issues – Modern Slavery 
policy. Short-term.
Ethical product development and sales 
practices  The risk that our product suite and 
sales practices are not aligned with an ethical corporate culture.Reputation and non-compliance with regulatory 
requirements, leading 
to penalties, fines and increased supervisory 
oversight.Non-financial. Social + 
Governance
•  E mployee Code of 
Conduct.
•  Corporate values.
•  Mandatory training.
•  S uite of policies including 
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption; AML policies; 
Whistleblower program.Short-
term.
Scams and 
fraudThe risk that customers fall victim to scams and fraud despite Tyro’s 
efforts to safeguard customers against this.Financial impact to 
our customers and 
potentially Tyro.
Reputation and 
non-compliance with regulatory 
requirements, leading 
to penalties for Tyro. Financial. Social + 
Governance
•  Su pporting and educating 
customers to minimise 
the number of successful 
scam and fraud attempts.
•  T yro regulatory framework 
in place for governance, 
prevention, detection, 
reporting, disruption and 
responding to scams.Short-
term.
Year ended 30 June 2025  | 45 44 | Annual Report 2025SUSTAINABILITY
5-10  
Years
1-5  
YearsTime horizon
0-1 yearsScams & 
fraudBusiness disruption 
from climate-related physical eventClimate transiton
Climate reporting requirements
Employee relations
Supplier practices including modern slavery
Ethical product development and sales pracicesCredit risk from climate-related physical event