=== Page 3 ===
1.	 All	metrics	reflect	Viva	Energy	Group	performance	unless	otherwise	stated.	The	acquisition	of	Coles	Express	(renamed	Viva	Energy	Retail	post-acquisition)	
in	2023	has	had	an	impact	on	some	of	the	metrics	reported.	Data	from	Viva	Energy	Retail	(Convenience	and	Mobility)	applies	starting	May	2023.
2.	 This	data	is	for	the	1	July	2022	–	30	June	2023	period	(FY)	basis.
3.	 Tier	1	and	Tier	2	Process	Safety	Events	are	defined	as	per	API	RP	754.
4.	 Community	contribution	consists	of	community	partnerships,	grants,	customer	donations,	payroll	donations,	employee	fundraising,	and	fuel	rebates 	 
for major community partners.Climate change and  
the energy transition
Construction of Australia’s first  
publicly available
Hydrogen Refuelling Station
commenced early 2024
Announced plans to build infrastructure 
to enable the Geelong Refinery to 
co-process bio-genic and 
waste feedstocks
Entered into a  
renewable wind generated 
electricity contract 
with Mt Gellibrand Wind Farm
Entered into a  
contract with Cleanaway
to supply and trial renewable diesel (HVO)
Commenced project to deploy 
EV recharging stations  
at 30 convenience stores
in a co-funding partnership with  
the NSW Government1,299,1832
 tCO 2-e
Scope 1 + Scope 2 Total GHG emissionsHealth, safety and wellbeing
3 Process Safety Events3
(1 API Tier 1, 2 API Tier 2)
94%
of our people say that they are 
committed to operating safely7.20
 Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate
Environment
Commenced construction of 
Ultra Low Sulphur Gasoline 
processing units which will help 
reduce vehicle noxious emissions78%
of freshwater used for Geelong Refinery 
is from recycled sourcesOur people
78% 
Employee engagement
2.89% 
of Viva Energy team members identify 
as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander
Winner 
of the annual AREEA Diversity  
& Inclusion award
Family Inclusive Workplace 
certified by Parents at Work and  
in partnership with UNICEF46% 
Female representation in our Senior 
Leadership Team (Target: 40%)
Economic contribution
~$2.4B 
Invested in local wages and services
8,000+
People employed across all  
our businessesOur community
$6.4M4
 
in community contributions85% 
of our second RAP  
deliverables completedSustainability performance1Our peopleEconomic 
contributionIndependent 
assurance 
statementHealth, safety 
and wellbeing Environment Our communityIntroduction  
and frameworkEthical conduct, 
governance and 
transparencyClimate change 
and the energy 
transition
03
Viva Energy Group Limited – Sustainability Report 2023Introduction  
and framework

=== Page 4 ===
A message from our CEO
We have initiatives underway to reduce  
our own emissions and are making 
important investments to introduce  
new energies and make these available  
to our customers. 
2023 was a transformational year for our Company with  
the	acquisition	of	Coles	Express	and	OTR	Group1 providing 
the platforms to establish Viva Energy as the leading 
convenience retailer in Australia. Together with the continued 
diversification	of	our	Commercial	&	Industrial	business	and 	
development of new energy opportunities in electric vehicle 
recharging, hydrogen, lower carbon fuels and recycled waste, 
we are establishing foundations to maintain growth and 
successfully manage the energy transition. 
In this report we share our strategy for decarbonisation and 
building	sustainable	growth	in	both	energy	and	non-energy 	
parts of our businesses. Viva Energy has a critical role to 
play in meeting energy security while also supporting our 
customers to adopt new energies and reduce their emissions. 
We have initiatives underway to reduce our own emissions  
and are making important investments to introduce new 
energies and make these available to our customers. 
At	the	same	time,	we	see	significant	growth	opportunities 	 
in convenience, mobility and specialty commercial products 
and services which provide long term sustainable growth 
beyond energy. This builds on our core capabilities and 
further	diversifies	our	business	to	exciting	new	markets	and 	
customer segments. The recent investments in convenience 
retailing	that	we	have	made	are	good	examples	of	this 	
strategy,	which	provide	considerable	non-fuels	growth 	 
and	exciting	opportunities	for	our	people. 	This year we will commence construction on our Hydrogen 
production and refuelling facility at Geelong. This will be 
the	first	hydrogen	refuelling	station	which	is	open	to	the 	
public, which in partnership with Barwon Water, CDC buses, 
Cleanaway, and Toll Transport will support the introduction 
of	hydrogen	for	heavy	vehicle	transport	(buses	and	trucks). 	
Construction of new processing capacity to reduce the 
sulphur content of petrol has also commenced, and is 
expected	to	start	in	the	second	half	of	2025.	This	will	help 	
reduce	noxious	emissions	and	improve	air	quality	and 	 
health outcomes.
Viva Energy will commence the introduction of electric  
vehicle	recharging	in	2024,	initially	focusing	on	NSW.	We	are 	
undertaking rooftop solar and LED replacement programmes 
across our convenience stores to support our commitment to 
achieve net zero2	across	our	non-refining	businesses	by	2030. 	
We	are	progressing	projects	at	Geelong	to	process	bio-genic 	
and waste feedstocks to reduce the carbon content of the  
fuel that we make, and produce recycled plastics.  These early initiatives will help us assess longer term 
opportunities to construct dedicated renewable fuels 
processing capacity alongside our strategically  
positioned	refinery.	
Viva	Energy	is	growing,	with	the	organisation	expected	to 	
reach	14,000	employees	by	the	end	of	this	year,	becoming 	 
one	of	the	top	non-government	employers	in	the	country. 	 
We	have	a	strong	track-record	in	supporting	diversity	and 	
career opportunities for everyone, and look forward to having 
more impact on outcomes for people as we grow. In particular, 
we have initiatives in place to lift the representation of women 
in all parts of our business, and further closing the pay gap 
which currently sits at 10.8%. 
This	is	an	exciting	time	for	our	company,	with	a	busy	year 	 
ahead	to	execute	on	the	various	acquisitions	and	investments 	
we are making to sustainably grow and transform the company. 
We remain focused on doing this safely and with respect for 
the communities in which we operate across Australia, and 
welcome any feedback from stakeholders on our strategy  
and sustainability agendas. 
Scott Wyatt  
Chief	Executive	Officer
1.	 OTR	Group	acquisition	completed	on	28	March	2024.
2.	 Operational	Scope	1	and	Scope	2	greenhouse	 
gas emissions.Our peopleEconomic 
contributionIndependent 
assurance 
statementHealth, safety 
and wellbeing Environment Our communityIntroduction  
and frameworkEthical conduct, 
governance and 
transparencyClimate change 
and the energy 
transition
04
Viva Energy Group Limited – Sustainability Report 2023Introduction  
and framework

=== Page 6 ===
Sustainability at Viva Energy 
Our purpose is to help people reach  
their destination . 
We aim to achieve this in a way that contributes to positive 
sustainability outcomes and is aligned with our values: 
Integrity,	Responsibility,	Curiosity,	Commitment,	and 	 
Respect.	We	are	committed	to	balancing	the	short	and 	 
long-term	needs	and	interests	of	our	current	stakeholders 	 
and future generations, while integrating environmental, 
social, and economic considerations into business  
decision-making. 	
We recognise that addressing global challenges requires 
a	diversified	approach,	and	our	sustainability	plans	and 	
actions are designed to positively impact various United 
Nations	Sustainable	Development	Goals	(UN	SDGs). 	
Through responsible business practices, we aim to reduce 
our	environmental	footprint,	promote	social	well-being,	and 	
ensure	good	governance	while	aligning	with	the	UN	SDGs.
We have seven strategic focus areas spanning material 
sustainability matters, risks, and opportunities relevant to 
our	business.	Our	Sustainability	Framework	is	made	up	of 	
the seven focus areas that form the basis of our sustainability 
disclosures within this report. These focus areas are aligned 
with	the	UN	SDGs.
Find additional information on our UN SDG 
alignment, activities, and in our Sustainability 
Data Supplement 2023Our Purpose
Helping people
reach their
destinationOur ValuesOur BehavioursIntegrity
Responsibility
Curiosity
Commitment
RespectCustomer obsessed
Better together
Deliver amazing results
Our communityEconom
ic contribution
Our peopleEnvironmentand transparency
Ethical conduct, governance
and wellbeingHealth, safety
the energy transition
Climate change andMaking the 
transition to a 
lower carbon 
energy future 
and net zero1 
emissions by 
2050 
Taking a 
proactive 
approach to our 
people’s physical 
and mental 
wellbeing
Respecting our 
environment and 
minimising any 
potential impactsOperating
with integrity
Attracting, 
retaining and 
developing 
great peopleDelivering 
energy security, 
providing local 
jobs and skills
Building strong 
relationships and 
making positive 
impactConvenience and MobilityCommercial and Industrial
Energy and Infrastructure
1.	 Operational	Scope	1	and	Scope	2	greenhouse	gas	emissions.Our peopleEconomic 
contributionIndependent 
assurance 
statementHealth, safety 
and wellbeing Environment Our communityIntroduction  
and frameworkEthical conduct, 
governance and 
transparencyClimate change 
and the energy 
transition
06
Viva Energy Group Limited – Sustainability Report 2023Introduction  
and framework

=== Page 7 ===
Our approach to reporting
This	Sustainability	Report	is	prepared	to	achieve	two	things; 	
firstly,	to	report	on	our	sustainability	performance	for	the 	
2023	reporting	period;	and	secondly,	to	describe	a	number 	
of projects and initiatives we are working on, progressing 
towards delivering them to meet our sustainability ambitions. 
We aim to report transparently on material topics that matter 
most to our stakeholders and use industry frameworks to 
guide	our	reporting	approach	(see	our	materiality	assessment 	
on	page	8).
This	Report	covers	assets	owned	and	operated	by	the 	 
Viva Energy Group from 1 January to 31 December 2023 
(unless	otherwise	stated).	The	Viva	Energy	Group	comprises 	
Viva	Energy	Group	Limited	(ACN	626	661	032)	(the	‘Company’) 	 
and	its	controlled	entities.	In	this	Report,	references	to 	 
‘Viva	Energy‘,	‘the	Company’,	‘we’,	‘us’,	‘our’,	and	‘Group‘ 	 
are references to the Viva Energy Group.
This	Sustainability	Report	2023	has	been	prepared	by 	 
Viva Energy Group Limited for informational purposes and is 
intended to help our stakeholders understand our sustainable 
development performance. We have endeavoured to ensure 
our 2023 sustainability disclosures are as accurate and up to 
date as possible to enable stakeholders to understand our 
performance and compare it to prior periods. 
This report has been prepared with reference to the Global 
Reporting	Initiative	(GRI)	Standards1,	comprising	the	GRI 	
Universal	Standards,	the	GRI	Topic	Standards	and	relevant	GRI 	
Sector	Standard	–	GRI	11:	Oil	and	Gas	Sector	2021.	In	addition, 	
we	considered	the	disclosure	topics	in	the	industry-based 	
Sustainability 	Accounting 	Standards	Board	(SASB)	Standards,	
and	the	International	Sustainability	Standards	Board’s	(ISSB) 	 
non-mandatory 	guidance.	In 2023, we conducted a gap analysis in our current 
environmental,	social	and	governance	(ESG)	and	financial 	
disclosures in preparation for the ISSB Standards and 
proposed	mandatory	climate-related	financial	disclosures 	 
in Australia. This work will continue to be supported by 
members of the Board as well as representatives from  
cross-functional	teams	across	our	business.
We	have	also	identified	the	UN	Sustainable	Development 	
Goals	(SDGs)	that	align	with	our	focus	areas	throughout	this 	
report.	Our	climate	change	and	energy	transition	focus	area 	
disclosures	are	aligned	with	the	Recommendations	of	the 	 
Task	Force	on	Climate-Related	Financial	Disclosures	(TCFD). 	 
In addition to this report, please also refer to the Sustainability 
Data	Supplement	2023	and	our	2023	Annual	Report.
 
PwC was engaged to provide limited assurance over selected 
Sustainability	subject	matter	within	this	Sustainability	Report 	
and	Sustainability	Data	Supplement.	Refer	to	PwC’s	limited 	
assurance	opinion	on	pages	79-80	for	further	details. 	In 2023, we continued to respond to individual requests 
for sustainability information and performance data from 
investors,	proxy	advisers,	government	agencies	and 	
customers. In addition to this report, please also refer  
to the Sustainability Data Supplement 2023 for:
• Stakeholder Engagement
• Sustainability Performance Data
• Scope 3 emissions
• Climate risk and opportunity table
• TCFD	content	index
• TCFD	Climate	scenario
• UN	Sustainable	Development	Goals,	alignment,	activities, 	
and focus areas
• Global	Reporting	Initiative	(GRI)	content	Index
• Standard Payment terms and performance
• Glossary
1.	 GRI	1:	Foundation	2021,	GRI	2:	General	Disclosures	2021,	GRI	3:	Material	Topics	2021.
2.	 In	2023,	Viva	Energy	Group	Limited	received	an	ESG	Risk	Rating	of	33.6	and	was	assessed	by	Morningstar	Sustainalytics	to	be	at	High	risk	of	experiencing	material	financial	impacts	from	ESG	factors.	The	rating	should	
not	be	construed	as	investment	advice	or	expert	opinion	as	defined	by	the	applicable	legislation.	Sustainalytics,	2023.
3.	 In	2023,	Viva	Energy	Group	Limited	received	a	rating	of	BBB	(on	a	scale	of	AAA-CCC)	in	the	MSCI	ESG	Ratings	assessment.
4	 Companies	are	rated,	from	D-	(poor)	to	A+	(excellent),	on	their	sustainability	performance	on	an	absolute	best-in-class	basis.	Viva	Energy	Group	Limited’s	last	governance	data	profile	update,	March	2024.	Last	E&S	data	
profile	update,	March	2024.ESG rating performance
FTSE Russell  
ESG ScoreMorningstar  
Sustainalytics MSCI ISS ESG
3.5	/	5 33.6  
High-Risk	Rating2
51.1 
Strong	ESG	Risk	ManagementBBB3C rating4 Our peopleEconomic 
contributionIndependent 
assurance 
statementHealth, safety 
and wellbeing Environment Our communityIntroduction  
and frameworkEthical conduct, 
governance and 
transparencyClimate change 
and the energy 
transition
07
Viva Energy Group Limited – Sustainability Report 2023Introduction  
and framework