=== Page 22 ===
Our Sustainability Strategy
Virgin Australia recognises its role in responsibly managing its impact on the environment and driving positive outcomes for its 
people and the communities it serves. Virgin Australia’s Sustainability Strategy is based on a materiality assessment of the 
issues most important for the business and its broad range of stakeholders. The last assessment was undertaken in early 
2023. This strategy helps to direct financial and resourcing investments to be most efficient and impactful in achieving 
sustainability goals and defines the key focus areas, including: 
Protecting our 
Natural WorldCaring for our People,
Guests, and CommunitiesMaintaining
Customer Trust
  Climate change   Safety and wellbeing   Cyber security and privacy
  •Target 22% reduction in net 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse 
gas ( GHG ) emissions intensity by 
2030, from a FY19 base year1  •Trusted, safe operations. Safety 
is first and above all else
  •On track with safety targets and 
maintaining industry best 
practice  •Building a resilient, collaborative, 
compliant, security-minded 
culture
  •Building a strong culture of 
privacy
  •Responsible use of data
  •Maintaining customer trust  •Commitment to target net zero 
emissions by 2050 
  Waste  Engaging and developing  
  our people
  •Organic waste separation in 
lounges by 2026  •Inclusive, diverse and 
collaborative organisation
  •Our people and customers are at 
the core
  •Virgin Flair is visible and 
celebrated
  •Motivated and empowered teams 
with momentum to innovate  •Remove all single-use plastics 
by 20272
  •85% general waste diverted from 
landfill by 20303
  •Zero general waste to landfill 
by 2032
Further information on the Sustainability Strategy can be found in the annual Sustainability Report on Virgin Australia’s website4. Sustainability (continued)
20 Virgin Australia Group Annual Report 20251 This target applies to all Virgin Australia domestic and SHI flights. It is not intended to apply to the new LHI flights commencing from June 2025, as these were 
not a foreseen scope of the business’ operations at the time the target was made. To account for these new flights, Virgin Australia will monitor the GHG 
emissions over the first year of operations, and in FY26 intends to re-baseline in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s globally accepted GHG 
accounting standards and guidance process and, if necessary, renew or amend the target.
2 This target includes all items banned by state governments, as well as problematic and unnecessary single-use plastics. It excludes items required for medical 
or health and safety reasons.
3 General waste excludes quarantine, aeronautical, liquid and hazardous waste.
4Virgin Australia’s FY25 Sustainability Report is expected to be available prior to 31 December 2025.

=== Page 23 ===
Protecting our Natural World 
Climate change 
Virgin Australia recognises that aviation has an important role to play in reducing global emissions and has committed to 
targeting net zero carbon emissions by 2050 in line with the broader aviation industry commitment5. The Group also 
recognises the need to meet multiple emissions reduction requirements, including voluntary commitments and legislated 
mechanisms, particularly the Safeguard Mechanism applicable to Virgin Australia’s domestic operations and the Carbon 
Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ( CORSIA ) relevant to Virgin Australia’s international operations. 
However, Virgin Australia also acknowledges that delivering net zero for the aviation sector will be challenging; a reflection of 
the complexity and cost involved. Such a transition will require a mix of actions, including advancements in aircraft technology, 
fleet and engine renewal, smarter ground vehicles, carbon offsets, transitioning to use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel ( SAF ), and 
improved management of waste. To achieve our decarbonisation objectives, Virgin Australia has multiple initiatives in place, 
which include fleet renewal, efficient aircraft operations, electric-battery powered ground operations and facilities, carbon 
offsets and SAF. 
Virgin Australia continued to advance its decarbonisation priorities through a series of partnerships and commitments in FY25, 
including a sustainability-focused Memorandum of Understanding with Qatar Airways Group and a SAF supply agreement with 
Viva Energy.
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
Virgin Australia acknowledges that climate change will have an effect on the business’ operations. Physical consequences of 
climate change may impact Virgin Australia’s operations, including through the frequency and intensity of extreme weather 
events (including bushfires, storms and floods) that could interrupt flight schedules, supply chains, critical infrastructure and 
workforce productivity. The transition to a lower-carbon economy is expected to entail extensive regulatory, technology and 
market changes to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. 
Virgin Australia’s climate-related risks and opportunities can be found in the Risk section of this report, with further disclosure 
on our climate risk management approach in our annual Sustainability Report.  
Virgin Australia will be required to prepare climate-related financial disclosures in accordance with the Australian Accounting 
Standards Board (AASB)’s ASRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures  (AASB S2), for its annual reporting periods from 1 July 2025. 
Virgin Australia continues to prepare for this disclosure. 
Waste  
Virgin Australia is committed to reducing its waste footprint through multiple targets (see above). 
Our Project Zero initiative, launched in FY23, focuses on three key stages: Reduce and Redesign; Separate and Handle; and 
Dispose Responsibly. Two years on, we continue to make progress towards our goals. During FY25, Virgin Australia launched 
inflight recycling into Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne airports, representing our busiest ports. This builds on our ongoing 
inflight recycling efforts in Western Australia, which commenced in FY24.
We recognise there is more work ahead of us in the coming years to reach our zero general waste to landfill goal. Our focus 
heading into FY26 will be on scaling up waste initiatives such as inflight recycling and lounge organics separation. We are also 
actively working to improve our data collection and analysis capabilities. This will enable us to more accurately measure 
progress, identify areas for improvement, and refine our approach to waste reduction and diversion.Sustainability (continued)
Virgin Australia Group Annual Report 2025 215https://www.iata.org/en/pressroom/pressroom-archive/2021-releases/2021-10-04-03/.

=== Page 43 ===
Fleet
Virgin Australia operates a simplified narrowbody fleet, with the Boeing 737 family at its core. At June 2025, we held total of 
104 aircraft across the Group. During the year, five additional aircraft were welcomed into the fleet and two were retired 
from service. 
Virgin Australia’s short-term fleet strategy focuses on ensuring supply remains in balance with demand which is expected to 
grow broadly in line with GDP. It is currently envisioned that the total number of aircraft in Virgin Australia’s fleet will grow by 
approximately 2-3% annually, in line with the longer-term trend in Australian domestic RPK growth.
Virgin Australia is undergoing a fleet renewal program and by the end of FY25 had already taken on eight Boeing 737-8 (Max)s. 
In FY26, Virgin Australia will lease a further three Boeing 737-8 (Max) aircraft before starting delivery of its own firm orders for 
15 Boeing 737-8 (Max)s and 10 Boeing 737-10 (Max)s with option rights retained for a number of additional Boeing 737-10s in 
the future. Six of the firm orders for Boeing 737-8s are committed to be under sale and leaseback arrangements. The Boeing 
737-8 (Max) is 19 per cent more fuel efficient and 40 per cent quieter than the Boeing 737-800NG, offering a more comfortable 
flying experience while materially reducing fuel burn. 
VARA is also renewing its fleet with the arrival of the Embraer E190-E2 from the first quarter of FY26. The acquisition of these 
new aircraft, replacing the long-serving Fokker F100 fleet, was announced in August 2024. The Embraer E190-E2 is the most 
fuel-efficient aircraft in its segment and is expected to reduce emissions by approximately 30 per cent compared to the 
outgoing Fokker F100. The aircraft also features a significantly lower noise profile than the Fokker F100. As part of VARA’s 
fleet transition, the phased retirement of the airline’s Airbus A320 fleet was also announced.
Virgin Australia is currently progressing with an extensive cabin refurbishment program across its Boeing 737 fleet. This 
program includes new business class seats, refreshed seats in economy class, in-seat power for every guest, and Wi-Fi and in-
flight entertainment enhancements. This program also increases and standardises the seat count and configuration across 
the Boeing 737-800 and Boeing 737-8 (Max) aircraft to 182, providing a capital light means of increasing capacity in Virgin 
Australia’s fleet. In FY25, 47 aircraft were refurbished, bringing the number of aircraft with refreshed interiors to 61. More than 
three-quarters of the Boeing 737 fleet is now equipped with Wi-Fi connectivity, with further installations planned in FY26. 
Of Virgin Australia’s current 104 aircraft16, 71 are under operating lease arrangements, 31 aircraft are owned by Virgin Australia 
and are encumbered and subject to financing arrangements, and two are owned and unencumbered.
Virgin Australia narrowbody fleet17
Narrowbody fleet profile
AOC AircraftJune
2024 Additions ExitsJune
2025
VA Airlines18737-800  75  4  –  79 
737-700  9  –  –  9 
737-8 (Max)  7  1  –  8 
VARAF100  3  –  –  3 
A320  7  –  2  5 
E190-E2  –  –  –  – 
Total (excl. wet lease)  101  5  2  104 
Domestic wet lease lines19 12  11 
Total (incl. wet lease)  113  115 
Average fleet age (excl. wet lease)  12.6  13.4 Operating and Financial Review (continued)
Virgin Australia Group Annual Report 2025 4116 As at 30 June 2025.
17 As at 30 June 2025. Reflects contractual positions and does not include wide body aircraft for the wet lease arrangement with Qatar Airways. Prospectus 
reflected operational and spare aircraft only, the difference being two Fokker 100 aircraft. Contracted fleet position aligns with the accounting treatment for 
recognition of aircraft leases to the financ ial statements. 
18 VA Airlines Air Operators Certificate (AOC) are held by Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd and Virgin Australia International Airlines Pty Ltd.
19 Wet lease lines include Fokker F70, Fokker F100, Embraer E190 and Saab 340 aircraft.

=== Page 46 ===
Directors’ profile
The Directors bring to the Board relevant experience and skills, including industry and business knowledge, financial 
management and corporate governance experience. 
The below sets out details of Directors holding office at the date of this report, their qualifications, experience and special 
responsibilities.
Director Experience and background
Peter Warne
Independent Non-
Executive ChairmanPeter joined the Board on 12 March 2025 as an independent Non-Executive Director, and 
became Chairman on 6 June 2025. Peter is a member of the Audit, Risk, Sustainability, and 
Compliance Committee; Safety Committee; and Remuneration, Nomination, People, and 
Culture Committee. 
Peter has over 40 years’ experience across executive and board leadership across the 
financial and investment banking sectors, including an executive career at Bankers Trust 
Australia Limited, where he headed the Global Financial Markets Group.
Peter has over 20 years’ experience as a director and currently serves on the board of ASX-
listed companies IPH Limited, Argo Investments Limited and Argo Global Listed Infrastructure 
Limited as chairman. He is a member of the UniSuper board and chair of the UniSuper 
investment committee. Peter also serves as Chair of St Andrews Cathedral School 
Foundation, and is a Non-Executive Director of law firm Allens and Financial Markets 
Standards Board Limited. 
Peter’s previous experience includes chair roles at Macquarie Group, ALE Property Group, 
OFX and T Corp as well as director roles at ASX Limited and the Securities Exchange 
Guarantee Corporation. Peter was also a board member of NSW Net Zero Emissions and 
Clean Economy Board from its inception in 2022 until its disbandment in 2024.
Peter has a Bachelor of Arts (Actuarial Studies) from Macquarie University. 
Listed directorships held at the date of this report or during the three year period ending 
30 June 2025:
•Chair of IPH Limited (current, appointed 25 February 2022)
•Chair of Argo Investments Limited (current, appointed 1 January 2025)
•Chair of Argo Global Listed Infrastructure Limited (current, appointed 1 January 2025)
David (Dave) Emerson
Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing DirectorDave was appointed Chief Executive Officer on 14 March 2025 and joined the Board as 
Managing Director on 6 June 2025. Dave is a member of the Safety Committee. 
Dave has over 25 years of experience in the aviation sector. Prior to his appointment, Dave 
was Virgin Australia’s Chief Commercial Officer where he played a key role in the airline’s 
commercial transformation and growth.
Prior to Dave’s positions at Virgin Australia, he led the Global Airline Practice at consulting 
firm Bain & Company based in Dallas, Texas. In this role with Bain, he advised dozens of 
major airlines (across all major geographies) undergoing substantial commercial and 
operational transformation.
Dave has a Bachelor of Arts in Communication and Media from Stanford University, and a 
Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of 
Business.
Listed directorships held at the date of this report or during the three year period ending 
30 June 2025: Nil Directors’ Report (continued)
44 Virgin Australia Group Annual Report 2025