=== Table 1 (page 2) ===
ASX and NZX Release
"Telecommunications and Transport. The full year benefit of new Telecommunications contracts, such"
"as nbn’s fibre upgrade works, Telstra’s Intercity fibre build, as well as the new Transurban contract in"
Transport have contributed to revenue growth of over 20% in both sectors.
"“We see significant future growth opportunity across all four business sectors, underpinned by strong"
demand drivers and market trends. We are confident our strategy will continue to deliver service
"excellence for our clients and long-term value for shareholders,” said Dean."
Safety and Sustainability
"Ventia’s TRIFR continued to improve, falling from 3.7 to 3.3 in FY23, an 11.3% reduction. There were"
several new and innovative safety campaigns introduced in 2023 that have contributed to our safety
"performance. Some of these include our Elevate program (targeting leadership behaviours), All Roads"
Lead to Home (targeting driver safety) and a continued focus on improving our safety indicators.
Our commitment to sustainability is unwavering. This year we developed our net zero targets in line
with the Science Based criteria and submitted our proposed targets for validation. Our targets are to
"be carbon neutral for Scope 1, 2 and 3 by 2050, and shorter term to achieve a 42% absolute reduction"
in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 (using 2021 as our base year). We hope to have SBTi verify our
submission and have confirmation of our targets in due course. We will subsequently release our
transition plan.
Over the year we delivered an absolute emission3 reduction of 5.5% across the business through the
increased use of renewables and the sale of a carbon-intensive asset. An additional 154 hybrid and
"electric vehicles have been added to our fleet, taking the total light fleet to 9.8% using renewable fuel."
"We remain committed to our targets across environment, social, and governance and you can find a"
full update on our progress in the Annual Report.
Dividends and Balance Sheet
Ventia’s financial performance and high cash flow conversion allowed the Board to declare a final
"dividend of 9.41 cents per share, 80% franked and payable on 5 April 2024. The total dividend for"
"FY23 will therefore be 17.72 cents per share, an increase of 12.5% on FY22. This represents material"
growth for shareholders and aligns to the Board’s targeted 75% payout of NPATA.
"V
entia’s diligent focus on cash has delivered consistency, once again reporting high cash conversion"
"of 88.8% and a leverage ratio of 1.2x. As at 31 December 2023, the business had a liquidity position"
"of $738.7 million, including cash of $338.7 million and an undrawn revolving facility of $400 million."