=== Page 2 ===
Table of Contents
Message From The Chairman  2
Message From The General Manager Of Sustainability  4
2024 Highlights  6
About This Report  8
Report and Scope  8
Reporting Approach   8
Materiality Assessment Process   8
Approving Entity  9
About West African Resources  10
Our Operations  11
Governance  12
Risk Management  14
Policies and Strategies  16
Our Value Chain  17
Our Stakeholders  18
Our People  20
Employment and Training  21
Occupational Health and Safety  22
Managing Our Environmental Footprint  24
 Emissions and Climate Change  25
 Water Stewardship  27
 Biodiversity  28
 Tailings and Waste Management  29
Working With Our Local Communities  30
 Resettlement Planning and Livelihood Restoration  32
 Supporting the Local Economy  34
 Community Development Initiatives  34
 Artisanal Mining  37
 
Supporting Information
WAF Group Policies and Standards 38
GRI Content Index 40
Management of Material Topics 46
Limited Assurance Statement 65
Units, Acronyms and Glossary 67IMPORTANT NOTICE
Forward-Looking Information
This 2024 Sustainability Report for West African Resources Limited (‘Company’) contains forward-looking information including information 
relating to the Company’s future financial or operating performance. All statements in this report, other than statements of historical fact, that 
address events or developments that the Company expects to occur, are “forward-looking” statements. This includes projections, forecasts and 
estimates which may not have been based solely on historical facts, but rather may be based on the opinions and estimates of the relevant 
management as of the date such statements are made. Where the Company expresses or implies an expectation or belief as to future events or 
results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. 
Forward-looking information is subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies, assumptions and other factors 
many of which are beyond the Company’s ability to control or predict which could cause actual events or results to differ from those expressed, 
projected or implied by the forward-looking information, including, without limitation, risks related to: exploration hazards; exploration and 
development of natural resource properties; uncertainty in the ability to obtain funding; gold price fluctuations; market events and conditions; the 
uncertainty of mineral resource calculations and the inclusion of inferred mineral resources in economic estimation; governmental regulations; 
obtaining necessary licenses and permits; the business being subject to environmental laws and regulations; the mineral properties being 
subject to prior unregistered agreements, transfers, or claims and other defects in title; competition from larger companies with greater financial 
and technical resources; the inability to meet financial obligations under agreements to which it is a party; ability to recruit and retain qualified 
personnel; and directors and officers becoming associated with other natural resource companies which may give rise to conflicts of interests. 
This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect the Company’s forward-looking information. Should one or more of these risks and 
uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in the 
forward-looking information. 
Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and may therefore differ materially from results ultimately achieved. The Company does not 
make any representations and provides no warranties concerning the accuracy of any forward-looking information or likelihood of achievement or 
reasonableness of any forward-looking statements. 
Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. The Company does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking 
information if circumstances or management’s beliefs, expectations or opinions change, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, 
except as required by law.
Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves and Production Targets
The Company’s estimate of Ore Reserves and the production target for the Sanbrado Project (including the Toega Deposit) and the Company’s 
estimate of Mineral Resources for the Group are set out in the ASX announcement titled “WAF Resource, Reserve and 10 year production update 
2024” released on 28 February 2024. The Company confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information 
included in that announcement, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates of Mineral Resources for 
the Group and Ore Reserves for the Sanbrado Project (including the Toega Deposit) and all the material assumptions underpinning the production 
target and forecast financial information derived from it as set out in that announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed.
The Company’s estimates of Ore Reserves and the production target for the Kiaka Project referred to in this report are set out in the ASX 
announcement titled “Kiaka Feasibility Update Delivers 4.8Moz Gold Ore Reserve 20 Year Mine Life” released on 2 July 2024 . The Company 
confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in that announcement and that all material 
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimate of Ore Reserves for the Kiaka Project and all the material assumptions 
underpinning the production target for the Kiaka Project and the forecast financial information derived from it as set out in that announcement 
continue to apply and have not materially changed.
Exploration Results
The exploration results referred to in this report were reported in the announcements titled “WAF Resource, Reserve and 10 year production 
update 2024” released 28 February 2024, “WAF intercepts 9.5m at 81.9 g/t gold outside reserves at M1S” released 15 March 2024, “WAF 
intercepts 24m at 55.8 g/t gold at M1S” released on 17 April 2024, “WAF hits 10.5m at 15.3 g/t gold at M1S” released on 27 June 2024, “West 
African hits 45m at 7 .3 g/t gold below reserves at M1S” released 20 August 2024 and “West African hits 36m at 11.1 g/t gold below reserves 
at M1S” released 15 October 2024. The Company is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in 
those announcements.
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024
1

=== Page 4 ===
2024 has been a year of significant activity 
for our teams, putting our technical and 
environmental expertise, and stakeholder 
relationships to the test. As I reflect on the 
year, it became apparent to me that 2024 has 
been about accountability and continuing to 
demonstrate that WAF upholds its commitments 
to our communities, workforce, the Government 
of Burkina Faso, and our shareholders.
Key Developments in 2024
A substantial portion of our efforts in 2024 has revolved 
around the development of the Kiaka Project. Upon acquiring 
the project in 2022, we inherited not only a mining permit with 
specific construction milestones but also over a decade of 
community expectations for job creation and development. It 
became our responsibility to fulfill these expectations. Between 
then and the end of 2024, we refined the project design which 
not only resulted in improved project economics but reduced 
its land take footprint and associated impacts. We updated  
the Environmental and Social Impact Assessment (ESIA) and 
Resettlement Action Plan (RAP) to reflect these changes and 
align with current social and environmental context, leading to 
the renewal of the project’s Environmental Certificate. While 
we achieved our 2024 targets, what stands out for me above 
all metrics is the dedication, hard work and compassion 
demonstrated by our teams. While our primary focus has been on the Kiaka Project, I would 
like to acknowledge the Sanbrado Community Relations and 
Environment Departments for their valuable guidance and 
support to the Kiaka and Toega teams. Throughout 2024, a 
number of information exchange and collaboration sessions 
took place where the Sanbrado teams shared comprehensive 
insights into their plans, procedures and projects to assist 
with the development of Kiaka and Toega’s Environmental and 
Social Management Systems and social programs.
I am also proud of our corporate sustainability team for their 
proactive approach in adopting the GRI 14: Mining Sector 
2024 standard ahead of its effective date of January 2026. 
This provides a reporting framework that better focuses on 
material topics relevant to the mining industry. Additionally, we 
are preparing for compliance with the Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (AASB), which includes:
 +Assurance: Commencing assurance of Scope 1 and 
2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption 
presented in this Sustainability Report. 
 +Climate Change Risk Assessment: Conducting a Climate 
Change Risk Assessment to identify climate-related risks 
and opportunities. The risk assessment will be presented to 
the WAF Board of Directors in Q1 2025 and integrated into 
future reporting.
In 2024, we introduced a Tailings Storage Facility (TSF) 
Management Policy as we continue integrating the Global 
Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) into our practices. We also presented a Biodiversity Strategy to the WAF 
Board of Directors, which was given their approval in Q1 2025. 
The strategy aims to harmonise WAF’s approach to biodiversity 
management across our operations. 
Looking Ahead
As we transition into 2025, I am looking forward to building on 
the momentum we have gained this year. In 2025, we expect 
to see the first gold pour at Kiaka and the start of construction 
for the Toega project. Reporting on our environmental, social 
and governance performance will be expanded providing 
stakeholders with even greater insight into the practices we 
implement to achieve our aim of creating a positive mining 
legacy.
General  Manager  SustainabilityMessage from the
Mirey Lopez 
General Manager Sustainability
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024
5
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024 4

=== Page 5 ===
2024  Highlights206,622 ounces
Annual gold production$730 million
Annual revenue
Multiple awards  
at MERC 2024
Held in Australia$154 million
Paid to Government of 
Burkina Faso in taxes and 
royaltiesOperations
AwardsBiodiversity Strategy
Developed a WAF global Biodiversity Strategy Environment
GHG Scope 1 & 2 calculator 
External review and update of GHG Scope  
1 and 2 calculator
Social
Governance$7 million
Paid to Local Development
Mining Fund
Privacy Policy1.51 
Sanbrado TRIFR per million  
hours worked$2.2 million
Spent on community
initiatives
Disclosure Policy$51 million
Paid as wages and
benefits to employees
TSF Management Policy95%
Sanbrado employees are 
BurkinabéMedal of honour
Awarded to SOMISA for 
‘Local Communities’
Published: December 2024 Published: March 2024 Published: December 2024
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024 7 6 West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024

=== Page 6 ===
Report and Scope
This report presents the activities of West African 
Resources Limited’s corporate office in Perth, 
Australia and exploration and mining activities 
carried out by its subsidiaries in Burkina Faso. 
In this report, ‘WAF’ and ‘the Company’ refer to West African 
Resources Limited and ‘WAF Group’, ‘we’ and ‘our’ refer to 
the Company and, or through, its operating subsidiaries, 
unless otherwise explicitly stated.  A full list of the Company’s 
subsidiaries can be found in the 2024 Annual Report.  The 
management approaches described in this report apply to 
the Group, however statistical information is focused on 
the Sanbrado Gold Mine, the Kiaka Gold Project (under 
construction) and the Toega gold deposit (commencing mining 
in 2025), in addition to WAF’s corporate office. 
This report covers a reporting period of 1 January 2024 to 
31 December 2024 (aligned with financial reporting in the 
Company’s 2024 Annual Report). Reports are prepared 
annually and information from the previous reporting period 
has been included where it provides the context necessary for 
comparing performance or as background information. 
References in this report to $ are to Australian Dollars, unless 
otherwise stated. 
Publication date: April 2025.
Reporting Approach
This Sustainability Report (Report) has been prepared following 
the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting 
Standards 2021 (GRI Standards), including GRI 14: Mining 
Sector Standard published in 2024 which will come into effect 1 January 2026. Information was collated by the WAF 
Sustainability Department in consultation with project Heads 
of Department. This Report and supporting information are 
available online at WAF’s website:  
www.westafricanresources.com 
This Report presents an update on WAF’s performance in 2024 
across environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics 
deemed to be material to our operations and our influence 
on those topics. Our approach to managing material topics 
is described in the section titled Management of Material 
Topics. In conjunction with this Report, the related performance 
data and statistical information is presented in the 2024 
Sustainability Databook available on WAF’s website.
Materiality Assessment Process
WAF applies a dual materiality approach to understand WAF 
Group’s impacts on its environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) context and the potential impacts of these issues on the 
Company itself.  
Assessment of ESG risks is informed by:
 +enterprise-level risk assessments;
 +project-specific environmental and social impact 
assessments (ESIA);  
 +stakeholder feedback and audits; and
 +impact of global events and gold mining industry trends. 
Each year, WAF conducts an enterprise-level risk assessment 
to evaluate both local and global risks relevant to the Company 
and to determine the adequacy of existing controls and 
mitigation measures. This process involves a comprehensive 
review and analysis of each business unit, carried out by 
the General Manager of Risk and the respective business 
 Legal entity that owns rights to the project/deposit Project/deposit name
Société des Mines de Sanbrado SA Sanbrado Gold Mine (‘Sanbrado’ or ‘SOMISA’)
Kiaka SA Kiaka Gold Project (‘Kiaka’)
Toega SA (previously, Kiaka Gold SARL) Toega gold deposit (‘Toega ’), previously, held under an 
exploration licence by Kiaka Gold SARL)unit manager. As part of this process, we recognise that 
stakeholder concerns vary across different projects areas.  
To capture these nuances, we undertake direct engagement 
with local stakeholders, including project affected 
communities, employees, government bodies, and NGOs. An 
essential tool in this process is the grievance mechanisms that 
have been implemented at Sanbrado, Kiaka and Toega, which 
set out a procedure for stakeholders to raise concerns and 
provide insights into emerging risks and material issues at the 
relevant site. 
The findings of the enterprise-level risk assessment are 
reviewed by WAF’s Board of Directors Risk Committee, which 
meets twice a year. The 2024 enterprise-level risk assessment 
did not identify new or emerging ESG risks. A summary of 
stakeholder feedback is presented in Our Stakeholders.
This Sustainability Report also incorporates relevant ESG 
topics outlined in the new GRI 14: Mining Sector Standard, 
which aims to provide greater insight into ESG issues of particular relevance to mining operations.  This ensures that 
our materiality assessment remains responsive and reflects 
global sustainability commitments, industry-specific risks and 
local priorities. 
The complete list of material topics addressed in this Report 
is presented in the GRI Content Index and described in 
Management of Material Topics. 
Approving Entity
This Report has been approved for release by the Board of 
Directors of West African Resources Limited.
Third-party limited assurance has been provided by Bureau 
Veritas of the Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions and 
energy consumption presented in this Report. Refer to Limited 
Assurance Statement. 
The contact point for any enquiries related to this Report is 
info@westafricanresources.com.
About this
Report
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024
9
West African Resources / Sustainability Report 2024 8