=== Table 1 (page 2) ===
,,HIGHLIGHTS
Climate strategy,,
Woodside’s climate strategy is,,
integrated throughout our company,,
,,THRIVE THROUGH THE ENERGY TRANSITION
strategy: our aspiration to thrive,,
through the energy transition with,,
"a low-cost, lower-carbon, profitable,",,
resilient and diversified portfolio.1,,
Our climate strategy contains two,,
key elements:,,
,,REDUCE OUR NET EQUITY
•,reducing our net equity Scope 1 and,

=== Table 2 (page 3) ===
Sustained demand:,2024 GHG emissions:,New energy investment:
Customers,14% below,"$2.5 billion to date,"
committing,starting base13,with potential for
to our LNG,,"1.6 Mtpa abatement16, 17"
•  Emissions reduction and energy security are valued,•  We delivered strong Scope 1 and 2 GHG,"• 
Investing in opportunities where we have strengths"
by our customers – LNG can help them meet both.,"emissions performance at our facilities, achieving",and see profitable demand.
"•  We expect growth to be centred in Asia, and Woodside is",the addition of Sangomar production whilst,
,,•  Beaumont New Ammonia Project acquisition
advantaged to supply this demand.,maintaining the portfolio within Scope 1 and,
,,has delivered material progress towards our
,methane emissions benchmarks.,
•  This is reinforced by firm demand side commitments to,,Scope 3 targets.18
"offtake, with over 15 Mt of LNG contracted to Asian buyers",•  We are pursuing emissions reduction opportunities and,
,,•  Production of ammonia expected in the second half
"in the past 12 months.9,10,11",are continuing to develop a carbon credit portfolio.,
,,of 2025 with CCS expected to commence in 2026.
,•  We are on track to meet our net equity Scope 1,
""" Even in ambitious climate-focused scenarios, natural gas and LNG",and 2 GHG emissions reduction target of 15% by,
continue to play a considerable role... Natural gas fired power,,
,"end of 2025.14,15",
plants… can provide flexibility to integrate variable renewables.,,

=== Table 3 (page 4) ===
Gross equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity19,Equity methane emissions intensity20,,,
,BENCHMARK,,,
"BENCHMARK
45",0.20%,,75,
,,,,BENCHMARK
40,,,70,
,0.15%,,,
35,,,"g CO2e/MJ
65",
kg CO2-e / boe production,"Sm3/Sm3 marketed gas
0.10%",,,
30,,,60,
,0.05%,,,
25,,,55,
20,0.00%,,50,
"2022
2023
2024","2022
2023",2024,,2022

=== Table 4 (page 5) ===
HIGHLIGHTS,CONFIDENCE IN LNG,SCOPE 1 AND 2,NEW ENERGY
,,,2024 CLIMATE UPDATE        5

=== Table 5 (page 8) ===
2 GHG emissions,is part of our daily operation
•  Our net equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,
"were 5,437 kt CO2-e, 14% below the starting base,",
"on track to meet our 2025 target of 15%.34,35",
•  Our gross equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,
"of 6,784 kt CO2-e, included emissions",
arising from the additional production from,
Sangomar. A portion of these were associated,
with initial start-up activity. The number of,
"carbon credits retired was 1,347 kt CO2-e.",
•  Our gross equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions,
,"Power generator optimisation
Boil off gas compressor – seal vent modifications"
intensity remained better than industry benchmark,
,and technology trials
after accommodating Sangomar start-up.36,
,"Woodside engineers monitor performance data, including"
,"analytics which determine the optimal power generator mix 
Modifying boil off gas compressor vents is an example"

=== Table 6 (page 10) ===
,HIGHLIGHTS,CONFIDENCE IN LNG,SCOPE 1 AND 2,NEW ENERGY
,,,,
Leading on,,Methane Emissions Intensity Performance,,
,,"In 2024, we maintained our reported methane emissions",,
,,"intensity at around 0.1% of production by volume, ahead",,
,,,,
methane management,,of industry benchmark and target levels.40,,
"Woodside’s methane management strategy is to measure,",,,,
"reduce, and report methane emissions and lead the",,,,
adoption of leading practices in industry and regulations.,,,,

=== Table 7 (page 11) ===
,"HIGHLIGHTS
CONFIDENCE IN LNG",SCOPE 1 AND 2,NEW ENERGY
Disciplined investment,About Beaumont New Ammonia Project45,,
,,,
,,The Beaumont New Ammonia Project positions Woodside in the expected lower-,
,,"carbon ammonia market in Europe and Asia, benefiting from Woodside's existing",
in new energy,,"customer relationships, marketing experience, and operational expertise.",
,,,
,,•  The project is our biggest investment in new energy to date ($2.35 billion).46,
,,•  First ammonia production is targeted for the second half of 2025 with the,
,,addition of carbon sequestration targeted for the second half of 2026. The,
"We are developing new products and services, in which",,,
,project was 83% complete at the end of 2024.,,
we expect demand to grow in the energy transition and for,,,
,,•  Phase 1 has a design capacity of 1.1 Mtpa of ammonia and potential to,
Woodside to have competitive advantages. We will only invest,contribute up to 1.6 Mtpa of CO2-e abatement.47,,
,,"•  Phase 2 will be a second 1.1 Mtpa production train, including the potential",
when we have confidence in profitable customer demand that,,,
,,to contribute an additional 1.6 Mtpa of CO2-e abatement. This is subject to a,
meets our capital allocation framework requirements.,separate FID.,,
,,The project delivers material progress towards our Scope 3 investment and,
,abatement targets.,,

=== Table 8 (page 12) ===
This purpose of this document is to enable readers to obtain a high-level understanding of,Further detail on these risks and their potential financial impacts and mitigations can be found in,"conditions in various countries and regions, political risks, abatement able to be delivered through"
Woodside's climate-related progress and performance in 2024.,the Risk Management section of the CTAP and the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report 2024,"engineering or operational changes, project delay or advancement, approvals and cost estimates."
,"and our Sustainability Report (within the Annual Report 2024). These risks include, but are not","Some matters are subject to approval of joint venture participants or third parties. Targets,"
This Update contains extracts of information relating to Woodside’s climate performance during,,
,limited to:,aspirations and opportunities described in this update may also change materially if Woodside
2024 in relation to its Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP). This update does not contain all of,,
,,changes its strategic aims set out in the Annual Report 2024 and the CTAP.
the underlying context and detail that is included in such previous disclosures. This update should,"• 
the risk that a transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact demand (and pricing) for oil,",
be read in conjunction with the CTAP and Woodside's Annual Report 2024 which include[s] more,"gas, new energy products and lower-carbon services and their substitutes in our portfolio, the","Woodside does not undertake to provide ongoing market updates on forward-looking information,"
"fulsome explanation of the underpinning assumptions, uncertainties, and context relevant to the","policy and legal environment for its production, our reputation and our operating environment.","including plans to achieve strategic aims or targets, or on performance against its plans or"
information in this update.,"In addition, the imposition of regulation and availability and cost of emission allowances or","targets, except to the extent it has a legal obligation to do so. Past performance is not a guide to"
,offsets could adversely impact costs;,future performance.
Information,,
,"• 
the potential for higher than expected costs of transition to new technologies, and poor efficacy",
,,No offer or advice
"This update includes content which is oriented towards future events, the trajectory and outcome of",,
,of new technologies could adversely impact costs of operations and reduce demand for,
"which are continually evolving and inherently uncertain, and contains forward-looking information",,"This update is not intended to and does not constitute, form part of, or contain an offer or invitation"
,"hydrocarbon products, new energy or",
"regarding the plans, strategies, objectives, targets, aspirations and the like of Woodside in relation",,"to sell to Woodside shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of an offer from Woodside"
,lower-carbon services; and,
to climate change.,,"shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of any vote or approval from Woodside"
,"• 
the decarbonisation plans of Australia and other countries.",
,,shareholders (or any other person) in any jurisdiction.
This update provides examples of how we currently intend to direct the management of our assets,,
"and deploy our capital, to help us achieve our strategic aims. The matters in this update are a ‘point","Subject to any terms implied by law which cannot be excluded, Woodside accepts no responsibility","This update has been prepared without reference to the investment objectives, financial and"
"in time’ disclosure and reflect management’s expectations, judgments, assessments, assumptions,","for any loss, damage, cost or expense (whether direct or indirect) incurred as a result of any error,",taxation situation or particular needs of any Woodside shareholder or any other person. The
estimates and other information available at the date of this document and/or our planning,omission or misrepresentation in information in this update.,"information contained in this update does not constitute, and should not be taken as, financial"
processes. We operate in a dynamic and uncertain market and external environment.,,"product or investment advice. Woodside encourages you to seek independent legal, financial,"
,"This document contains industry, market and competitive position data based on industry",
,,taxation and other professional advice before making any investment decision.
"Woodside's 'GHG' or 'emissions' information reported are net equity Scope 1 GHG emissions, Scope","publications and studies conducted by third parties, as well as Woodside's internal estimates and",
"2 GHG emissions, and/or Scope 3 GHG emissions, as the context requires.","research. Woodside does not make any representation or guarantee that this material is accurate,","This update shall not be distributed, transmitted, published, reproduced or otherwise made"
,"complete, reliable or up-to-date.","available to any other person, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, for any purposes"
"Plans and strategies can and must adapt in response to dynamic market conditions, joint venture",,
,,"whatsoever. In particular, this update and the information contained herein may not be taken"
"decisions, opportunities that might arise or other changing circumstances. Investors should not",Forward-looking statements,
,,"or transmitted, in, into or from and may not be copied, forwarded, distributed or transmitted in"
assume that any plan (or pathway we have articulated to achieve a strategic aim) is locked in,,
,This update contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside’s business and,"or into any jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful. The"
and will not evolve and be updated as time passes. A number of aspects of our plans involve,,
,"operations and market conditions, including, for example, but not limited to, statements regarding","release, publication or distribution of this update, in whole or in part, in certain jurisdictions may"
"developments or strategies that are complex and may be delayed, more costly than anticipated or",,
,"future assessment, development, completion and execution of Woodside’s projects, expectations","be restricted by law or regulation, and persons into whose possession this update comes should"
"unsuccessful for many reasons, including reasons outside our control.",,
,"regarding future capital expenditures, future results of projects, operating activities, new energy","inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these"
,"products, lower-carbon services, and expectations regarding the achievement of Woodside’s",restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. Woodside does not
"Scope 3 targets and related expectations regarding the future demand for our products or services,",,
,net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions targets and aspiration or Woodside’s Scope,accept liability to any person in relation to the distribution or possession of this document in or
"are subject to commercial arrangements, commercial feasibility, regulatory and Joint Venture",,
,"3 investment and abatement targets. Statements that describe the objectives, plans, goals or",from any such jurisdiction.
"approvals, and third party activities (which may or may not proceed). Individual investment",,
,expectations of Woodside are forward-looking statements.,
decisions are subject to Woodside's investment targets. Such targets are not guidance. Scope 3,,
,,Other important information
targets potentially include both organic and inorganic investment.,,
,"Forward-looking statements in this update are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions",
,,"All references to dollars, cents or $ in this update are to US currency, unless otherwise stated."
,"of future events or performance. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is given as to",
"Woodside uses the term 'Lower-carbon services' to describe technologies, such as CCUS or offsets,",,
,"the accuracy, completeness or correctness, likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of any",References to “Woodside” may be references to Woodside Energy Group Ltd and/or its applicable
that many be capable of reducing the net greenhouse gas emissions of our customers. Woodside,,
,forward-looking information in this document. Readers should not place undue reliance on any,subsidiaries (as the context requires).
"uses the term "" lower-carbon ammonia"" to describe the use of hydrogen with emissions abated by",,
,"forward-looking statements contained in this update, particularly in light of the long time horizon",
"carbon, capture, and storage (CCS), with an expected ammonia lifecycle (Scope 1, 2 and 3) carbon",,
,,This update does not include any express or implied prices at which Woodside will buy or sell
,"this document discusses and inherent uncertainty in policy, market and technological developments",
emissions intensity of 0.8 tCO2/tNH3 (based on contracted intensity threshold with Linde) relative to,,financial products.
,"in the short-, medium- and long-term.",
"unabated ammonia with a lifecycle (Scope 1, 2 and 3) carbon emissions intensity of 2.3 tCO2/tNH3",,
"(Hydrogen Europe, 2023).",,"All greenhouse gas emissions data in this update are estimates, due to the inherent uncertainty and"
,Forward-looking information in this update may be affected by variables and changes in underlying,
,,"limitations in measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas emissions, including those uncertainties set"
,assumptions which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this,
Actual performance against Woodside’s targets and aspirations may be affected by risks associated,,
,,out in the GHD Assurance Statement in the sustainability data section of the Woodside website. As
,"document. In addition to the risks referenced above, these include price fluctuations, actual",
"with our business, the uncertainty as to how the global energy transition to a lower-carbon",,
,,"of the date of publication, further information regarding the calculation of Woodside’s greenhouse"
,"demand, currency fluctuations, drilling and production results, reserve estimates, loss of market,",
"economy will evolve, and physical risks associated with climate change, many of which are beyond",,
,,gas emissions is consistent with the description contained in the supporting table of climate-
,"industry competition, environmental risks, transition risks, physical risks, legislative, policy, fiscal",
Woodside’s control.,,
,,related data available on our website. There may be differences between Woodside’s calculation of
,"and regulatory developments, changes in accounting standards, economic and financial market",
,,greenhouse gas emissions and the approach adopted by third parties.

=== Table 9 (page 13) ===
Abate /,"Avoidance, reduction or removal of an amount of carbon dioxide or equivalent.",Net greenhouse,"Woodside has set its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets on a net basis, allowing for both direct"
Abatement,,gas emissions,emissions reductions from its operations and emissions reduction achieved from the utilisation of carbon credits as offsets
,,,"(including credits relating to avoidance, reduction and / or removal activities). Net greenhouse gas emissions are equal to an"
Aspiration,Woodside uses this term to describe an aspiration to seek the achievement of an outcome but where achievement of the,,
,,,entity’s gross greenhouse gas emissions reduced by the number of retired carbon credits.51
,outcome is subject to material uncertainties and contingencies such that Woodside considers there is not yet a suitable defined,,
,plan or pathway to achieve that outcome.,Net zero,Net zero emissions are achieved when anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere are balanced by
,,,"anthropogenic removals over a specified period. Where multiple greenhouse gases are involved, the quantification of net zero"
Carbon credit,A tradable financial instrument that is issued by a carbon-crediting program. A carbon credit represents a greenhouse gas,,
,,,"emissions depends on the climate metric chosen to compare emissions of different gases (such as global warming potential,"
,"emission reduction to, or removal from, the atmosphere equivalent to 1 t/CO2-e, calculated as the difference in emissions from",,
,,,"global temperature change potential, and others, as well as the chosen time horizon).52"
,"a baseline scenario to a project scenario. Carbon credits are uniquely serialised, issued, tracked and retired or administratively",,
,"cancelled by means of an electronic registry operated by an administrative body, such as a carbon-crediting program.",New energy,"Woodside uses this term to describe energy technologies, such as hydrogen or ammonia, that are emerging in scale but which"
,,,are expected to grow during the energy transition due to having lower greenhouse gas emissions at the point of use than
CCS,Carbon capture and storage.,,
,,,conventional fossil fuels.
CCUS,Carbon capture utilisation and storage.,,
,,Offsets,The compensation for an entity’s greenhouse gas emissions within its scope by achieving an equivalent amount of emission
CO2-e,CO2 equivalent. The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming potential of each of the seven greenhouse,,
,,,reductions or removals outside the boundary or value chain of that entity.
,"gases, expressed in terms of the global warming potential of one unit of carbon dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing (or",,
,,RFSU,Ready for startup.
,avoiding releasing) any greenhouse gas against a common basis.48,,
,,Scope 1 GHG,"Direct GHG emissions. These occur from sources that are owned or controlled by the company, for example, emissions from"
Decarbonisation,"Woodside uses this term to describe activities or pathways that have the effect of moving towards a state that is lower-carbon,",,
,,emissions,"combustion in owned or controlled boilers, furnaces, vehicles, etc.; emissions from chemical production in owned or controlled"
,as defined in this glossary.,,
,,,"process equipment. Woodside estimates greenhouse gas emissions, energy values and global warming potentials are estimated"
Emissions,Emissions refers to emissions of greenhouse gases unless otherwise stated.,,
,,,in accordance with the relevant reporting regulations in the jurisdiction where the emissions occur (e.g. Australian National
Equity,Woodside sets its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets on an equity basis. This ensures that the scope of,,"Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER), US EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP)). Australian regulatory"
greenhouse gas,its emissions reduction targets is aligned with its economic interest in its investments. Equity emissions reflect the greenhouse,,reporting principles have been used for emissions in jurisdictions where regulations do not yet exist.53
emissions,gas emissions from operations according to Woodside’s share of equity in the operation. Its equity share of an operation reflects,,
,,Scope 2 GHG,Electricity indirect GHG emissions. Scope 2 accounts for GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed
,"its economic interest in the operation, which is the extent of rights it has to the risks and rewards flowing from the operation.49",,
,,emissions,by the company. Purchased electricity is defined as electricity that is purchased or otherwise brought into the organisational
FID,Final investment decision.,,boundary of the company. Scope 2 emissions physically occur at the facility where electricity is generated. Woodside estimates
Flaring,The controlled burning of gas found in oil and gas reservoirs.,,"greenhouse gas emissions, energy values and global warming potentials are estimated in accordance with the relevant"
,,,reporting regulations in the jurisdiction where the emissions occur (e.g. Australian National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
GHG or,The seven greenhouse gases listed in the Kyoto Protocol are: carbon dioxide (CO2); methane (CH4); nitrous oxide (N20);,,
,,,"(NGER), US EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP)). Australian regulatory reporting principles have been used for"
Greenhouse gas,hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs); nitrogen trifluoride (NF3); perfluorocarbons (PFCs); and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6).50,,
,,,emissions in jurisdictions where regulations do not yet exist.54
Goal,Woodside uses this term to broadly encompass its targets and aspirations.,,
,,Scope 3 GHG,Other indirect GHG emissions. Scope 3 is a reporting category that allows for the treatment of all other indirect emissions. Scope
Gulf of Mexico,"“Gulf of Mexico” refers to the US Continental Shelf area bounded on the northeast, north, and northwest by the States of Texas,",,
,,emissions,"3 emissions are a consequence of the activities of the company, but occur from sources not owned or controlled by the company."
,"Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida and extending to the seaward boundary with Mexico and Cuba.",,
,,,Some examples of Scope 3 activities are extraction and production of purchased materials; transportation of purchased fuels;
LNG,Liquefied natural gas.,,and use of sold products and services. Please refer to the data table on page 73 of the Climate Action Transition Plan and 2023
Lower-carbon,Woodside uses this term to describe the characteristic of having lower levels of associated potential GHG emissions when,,Progress Report for further information on the Scope 3 emissions categories reported by Woodside.55
,"compared to historical and/or current conventions or analogues, for example relating to an otherwise similar resource, process,",,
,,Starting base,Woodside uses a starting base of 6.32 Mt CO2-e which is representative of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2
,"production facility, product or service, or activity. When applied to Woodside's strategy, please see the definition of lower-carbon",,greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be adjusted (up or down) for potential equity changes in producing
,portfolio.,,or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon credits
Lower-carbon,"Lower-carbon ammonia is characterised here by the use of hydrogen with emissions abated by carbon, capture, and storage",,as offsets.
ammonia,"(CCS), with an expected ammonia lifecycle (Scope 1, 2 and 3) carbon emissions intensity of 0.8 tCO2/tNH3 (based on contracted",Target,"Woodside uses this term to describe an intention to seek the achievement of an outcome, where Woodside considers that it has"
,"intensity threshold with Linde) relative to unabated ammonia with a lifecycle (Scope 1, 2 and 3) carbon emissions intensity of",,developed a suitably defined plan or pathway to achieve that outcome.
,"2.3 tCO2/tNH3 (Hydrogen Europe, 2023).","$, USD, US$",US dollars
Lower-carbon,"For Woodside, a lower-carbon portfolio is one from which the net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, which",,
portfolio,"includes the use of offsets, are being reduced towards targets, and into which new energy products and lower-carbon services",,
,are planned to be introduced as a complement to existing and new investments in oil and gas. Our Climate Policy sets out the,,
,,Units of measure,
,principles that we believe will assist us achieve this aim.,,
Lower-carbon,"Woodside uses this term to describe technologies, such as CCUS or offsets that could be used by customers to reduce their net",%,"percentage
MJ
megajoule"
services,greenhouse gas emissions.,"boe, boe/d","barrels of oil equivalent /per day
MMBtu
Million british thermal units"
MMBtu,Million british thermal units,,Carbon dioxide
,,CO2,
Net equity,Woodside’s equity share of net greenhouse gas emissions which includes the utilisation of carbon credits as offsets.,EJ,"exajoule
Mtpa
Million tonnes per annum"
greenhouse gas,,,
,,g,"Ammonia
grams
NH3"
emissions,,,
,,kg,"Standard cubic metre
Sm3
kilograms"
,,kt,"tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
kilotonne
tCO2-e"

=== Table 10 (page 14) ===
"1 
For Woodside, a lower-carbon portfolio is one from which the net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, which includes the use of offsets,","22   Wood Mackenzie LNG tool, Destination in Japan = Negishi Regas Terminal (Tokyo Bay), Discount Rate = 12%, Ship Volume = 174k m3. Scarborough"
"are being reduced towards targets, and into which new energy products and lower-carbon services are planned to be introduced as a complement to",Energy Project is the breakeven for Scarborough gas field supplying Pluto Train 1 and Pluto Train 2. For Train 1 only look forward costs from the
existing and new investments in oil and gas. Our Climate Policy sets out the principles that we believe will assist us achieve this aim.,Scarborough FID have been included.
"2 
Targets and aspiration are for net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions relative to a starting base of 6.32 Mt CO2-e which is representative","23   Assets that have taken the Final Investment Decision (FID) and/or are under construction, including those in which where a final EPC or EPCIC"
of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be adjusted (up or down) for potential,contract has been signed represents a defacto FID.
equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon,"24   Woodside’s 2023 Climate Transition Action Plan and Progress Report, page 49. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/investor-"
credits as offsets.,documents/major-reports-(static-pdfs)/ctap2023/climate-transition-action-plan-and-2023-progress-report.pdf?sfvrsn=d6f6eed4_11.
"3 
This means net equity for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2025 are targeted to be 15% lower than the starting base.",25  See announcement titled “Woodside and JERA sign agreement for long-term LNG supply”. Graphic updated on 31 March 2025 to remove the words
"4 
This means net equity emissions for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2030 are targeted to be 30% lower than starting base.",“Option for +10 years” from the JERA line.
"5 
Scope 3 targets are subject to commercial arrangements, commercial feasibility, regulatory and Joint Venture approvals, and third party activities",26  See announcement titled “Woodside and CPC sign agreement for long-term LNG supply”.
(which may or may not proceed). Individual investment decisions are subject to Woodside’s investment targets. Not guidance. Potentially includes,27  See announcement titled “Woodside and Kogas sign agreement for long-term LNG supply”.
both organic and inorganic investment.,
,"28   See announcement titled “Woodside and Uniper sign agreement for LNG supply to Europe"". https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/media-"
"6 
Ibid.",releases/media-release---woodside-and-uniper-sign-new-lng-agreement.pdf?sfvrsn=d4b30e35_3.
"7 
Includes pre-RFSU spend on new energy products and lower-carbon services that can help our customers decarbonise by using these products and",29  Energy Institute: Statistical Review of World Energy (2024).
services. It is not used to fund reductions of Woodside’s net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions which are managed separately through,
,30  Ibid.
asset decarbonisation plans.,
,31  International Energy Agency (2024): CO2 Emissions in 2023
"8 
Includes binding and non-binding opportunities in the portfolio, subject to commercial arrangements, commercial feasibility, regulatory and Joint",
,32  Energy Institute: Statistical Review of World Energy (2024).
"Venture approvals, and third party activities (which may or may not proceed). Individual investment decisions are subject to Woodside’s investment",
targets. Not guidance.,33  International Energy Agency (2024): CO2 Emissions in 2023.
"9 
See announcement titled “Woodside and Kogas sign agreement for long-term LNG supply”. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/media-",34   Targets and aspiration are for net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions relative to a starting base of 6.32 Mt CO2-e which is representative
,of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be adjusted (up or down) for potential
releases/woodside-and-kogas-sign-agreement-for-long-term-lng-supply.pdf?sfvrsn=dfc9ef5b_9.,
,equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon
10   See announcement titled “Woodside and CPC sign agreement for long-term LNG supply” https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/about-us-,
,credits as offsets.
documents/woodside-and-cpc-sign-agreement-for-long-term-lng-supply.pdf?sfvrsn=667cd731_1.,
,35  This means net equity for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2025 are targeted to be 15% lower than the starting base.
11   See announcement titled “Woodside and JERA sign agreement for long-term LNG supply”. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/media-,
,"36   Woodside analysis, based on Woodside Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions data for 2024 relative to a comparable portfolio of upstream oil,"
releases/woodside-and-jera-sign-agreement-for-long-term-lng-supply.pdf?sfvrsn=1e6b022f_1.,
,"upstream natural gas and LNG liquefaction assets, based on the average emissions intensity of these project categories reported in Table 3.1 of IEA’s"
"12   Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and International Energy Agency discussion paper “Future of LNG: security, affordability, and",
,“The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions” (November 2023).
decarbonization” October 2024. https://www.meti.go.jp/press/2024/10/20241007002/20241007002-1.pdf.,
,"37   Indicative only, not guidance. Potential impact of opportunities identified in asset decarbonisation plans assuming all opportunities identified progress"
13   Targets and aspiration are for net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions relative to a starting base of 6.32 Mt CO2-e which is representative,
,"to execution, which is not certain and remains subject to further maturity of cost and engineering definition. Greenhouse gas quantities are estimated"
of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be adjusted (up or down) for potential,
,using engineering judgement by Woodside engineers. Please refer to page 12 for important cautionary information relating to forward looking
equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon,
,statements.
credits as offsets.,
,"38   Quantification of emissions reductions associated with the continuation of existing performance is inherently uncertain. However, it is possible to"
14   Ibid.,
,"provide an estimate by comparison to a benchmark of a comparable portfolio of upstream oil, upstream natural gas and LNG liquefaction assets"
15  This means net equity for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2025 are targeted to be 15% lower than the starting base.,
,with a similar product mix to Woodside’s forecast production between 2025 and 2050. The industry average emissions reported in Table 3.1 of IEA’s
"16   Cumulative spend against the investment target at the end of 2024 includes 80% of the total $2,350 million for the Beaumont New Ammonia Project",“The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions” (November 2023) has been applied to Woodside's forecast production between 2025 to 2050 to
acquisition. The remaining 20% will be paid at Project completion.,"determine the benchmark performance used to estimate the emissions reduction. Woodside's LNG projects, inclusive of upstream and liquefaction"
17   Scope 3 emissions abatement capacity of 1.6 Mtpa CO2-e assumes supply of carbon abated hydrogen and CCS operational for phase 1 of the,"facilities, have been benchmarked based on the industry average LNG liquefaction emissions intensity stated by the IEA. This is a conservative"
Beaumont New Ammonia Project . Woodside has made the assumption to estimate the avoided emissions through the displacement of conventional,approach as does not include the average industry emissions associated with upstream production from these facilities.
marine fuel. Actual displaced emissions may differ based on actual use case.,
,39   Targets and aspiration are for net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions relative to a starting base of 6.32 Mt CO2-e which is representative
18   The information regarding Beaumont New Ammonia (BNA) in this update does not contain all the underlying context and details that is included in the,of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be adjusted (up or down) for potential
"announcement ""Woodside to acquire OCI's Clean Ammonia Project"", released 5 August 2024. Refer to the announcement for the full explanation of the",equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon
"underpinning assumptions, uncertainties, and context relevant to BNA. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/asx-announcements/2024/",credits as offsets.
woodside-to-acquire-oci's-clean-ammonia-project.pdf?sfvrsn=cf35e9ed_1.,"40   Woodside methane emissions data for 2024, relative to OGCI average and targets. https://www.ogci.com/action-and-engagement/reducing-"
"19   Woodside analysis, based on Woodside Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions data for 2022, 2023 and 2024 relative to a comparable portfolio of",methane-emissions/#methane-target.
"upstream oil, upstream natural gas and LNG liquefaction assets, based on the average emissions intensity of these project categories reported in",41   See announcement titled “Woodside joins UNEP oil and gas methane partnership 2.0”. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/media-
Table 3.1 of IEA’s “The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions” (November 2023).,releases/woodside-joins-unep-oil-and-gas-methane-partnership-2.0.pdf?sfvrsn=15d3afd8_8.
"20   Woodside methane emissions data for 2022, 2023 and 2024 relative to an industry target characterised by OGCI’s 2025 methane intensity target.","42   On 20 January 2025, President Trump issued an Executive Order renaming the area known as the “Gulf of Mexico” as the “Gulf of America”. The US"
OGCI's 2023 upstream intensity in their 2024 progress report was 0.14%. https://www.ogci.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/241115_OGCI_,Interior Department formally announced the change on 24 January 2025 and US federal agencies are currently in the process of implementing the
ProgressReport2024.pdf.,"change. In this 2024 Annual Report, Woodside uses the term “Gulf of Mexico” to refer to the area in which its Shenzi, Mad Dog and Atlantis projects"
"21    Woodside analysis, based on Woodside Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions data for 2024 relative to the Transition Pathway Initiative oil and gas sector mean","are located, as that term was in effect during the period covered by this report. Woodside will adopt the naming conventions required by applicable"
reported in their assessment Woodside on 9 June 2024. https://www.transitionpathwayinitiative.org/companies/woodside-petroleum.,laws and regulations in relation to US waters.

=== Table 11 (page 15) ===
"43   Wood Mackenzie Global Ammonia Strategic Planning Outlook 2024, published 31 May 2024."
44   Definitions for potential ammonia uses. Hydrogen carrier for transporting hydrogen. Marine fuel specifically for the maritime industry. Power for
"co-firing coal-fired power plants. Traditional uses for fertiliser, metals and mining, major chemical and other industrial applications."
45   The information regarding Beaumont New Ammonia (BNA) in this update does not contain all the underlying context and details that is included in the
"announcement ""Woodside to acquire OCI's Clean Ammonia Project"", released 5 August 2024. Refer to the announcement for the full explanation of the"
"underpinning assumptions, uncertainties, and context relevant to BNA. https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/asx-announcements/2024/"
woodside-to-acquire-oci's-clean-ammonia-project.pdf?sfvrsn=cf35e9ed_1.
"46   Cumulative spend against the investment target at the end of 2024 includes 80% of the total $2,350 million for the Beaumont New Ammonia Project"
acquisition. The remaining 20% will be paid at Project completion.
47   Scope 3 emissions abatement capacity of 1.6 Mtpa CO2-e assumes supply of carbon abated hydrogen and CCS operational. Woodside has made the
assumption to estimate the avoided emissions through the displacement of conventional marine fuel. Actual displaced emissions may differ based on
actual use case.
"48   IFRS Foundation, 2021. “Climate Related Disclosures Prototype”, Appendix A. https://www.ifrs.org/content/dam/ifrs/groups/trwg/trwg-climate-"
related-disclosures-prototype.pdf. The IFRS published a further consultation document subsequent to the 2021 prototype. As it did not contain an
updated definition of Paris-Aligned scenarios Woodside has retained use of the previous edition.
"49   World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable Development, 2004. “GHG Protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting"
standard” https://www.wbcsd.org/Programs/Climate-and-Energy/Climate/Resources/A-corporate-reporting-and-accounting-standard-revised-
edition.
"50  I FRS Foundation, 2021. “Climate Related Disclosures Prototype”, Appendix A. https://www.ifrs.org/content/dam/ifrs/groups/trwg/trwg-climate-"
related-disclosures-prototype.pdf. The IFRS published a further consultation document subsequent to the 2021 prototype. As it did not contain
a updated definition of Paris-Aligned scenarios Woodside has retained use of the previous edition. Definition as per the Australian Clean Energy
Regulator https://cer.gov.au/markets/reports-and-data/corporate-emissions-reduction-transparency-report/corporate-emissions-reduction-
transparency-report-2024/cert-report-2024-glossary.
"51   Australian Clean Energy Regulator, 2023. “Corporate Emissions Reduction Transparency report 2023” https://cer.gov.au/markets/reports-and-data/"
corporate-emissions-reduction-transparency-report/corporate-emissions-reduction-transparency-report-2024/cert-report-2024-glossary.
"52   IPCC, 2018: Annex I: Glossary [Matthews, J.B.R. (ed.)]. In: Global Warming of 1.5°C. An IPCC Special Report on the impacts of global warming of"
"1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas emission pathways, in the context of strengthening the global response to"
"the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate poverty [Masson-Delmotte, V., P. Zhai, H.-O. Pörtner, D. Roberts,"
"J. Skea, P.R. Shukla, A. Pirani, W. Moufouma-Okia, C. Péan, R. Pidcock, S. Connors, J.B.R. Matthews, Y. Chen, X. Zhou, M.I. Gomis, E. Lonnoy, T."
"Maycock, M. Tignor, and T. Waterfield (eds.)]. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, UK and New York, NY, USA, pp. 541-562. https://doi."
org/10.1017/9781009157940.008
"53   World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable Development, 2004. “GHG Protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting"
standard”. https://www.wbcsd.org/Programs/Climate-and-Energy/Climate/Resources/A-corporate-reporting-and-accounting-standard-revised-edition.
54   Ibid.
55   Ibid.