=== Page 3 ===
In September 2024, the Company’s B2C businesses 
(Webjet OTA, Cars & Motorhomes (formerly GoSee) and 
Trip Ninja) were demerged and are now part of Webjet 
Group Limited. This Sustainability Report relates only to 
the Company’s ongoing businesses, namely the WebBeds 
B2B business.  Following the demerger, the Company 
changed its name from Webjet Limited to Web Travel 
Group Limited. Data included in this report has been 
rebased to the FY25 year to reflect the changed profile 
of the Company. Where relevant and comparable, prior 
trend data has been referenced in the reporting text. 
This Report has been prepared in reference to Global 
Reporting Initiative ( GRI) reporting Standards, the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ), and the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ASRS ). All disclosures in this Report have been 
reviewed and approved by the Executive Leadership 
Team and the Board as appropriate. Carbon emissions 
data preparation was externally supported. 
For further information or feedback on any  
aspect of this report, please contact Carolyn Mole, 
Investor Relations.
Web Travel Group  
Level 12, 440 Collins Street  
Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia  
investor@webtravelgroup.comThis report reflects Web Travel Group Limited’s ( Web Travel Group  or Company ) (formerly 
Webjet Limited) management and performance on key environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) 
topics identified as material to the business and our stakeholders for the FY25  reporting period 
(1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025). For a more complete understanding of the business context, we 
recommend this report be read in conjunction with Web Travel Group’s Annual Report, Corporate 
Governance Statement, Modern Slavery Statement and the various Board Charters and corporate 
policies all of which are available on our investor website ( www.webtravelgroup.com ). Sustainability 
Report .
2025
01

=== Page 4 ===
As set out in the Company’s FY25 Annual Report, WebBeds 
again saw significant TTV growth during the year, up 22% 
on last year, continuing on its path as one of the fastest 
growing travel companies in the world.  The first half of the 
year was challenging as a confluence of factors impacted 
TTV margins all at the same time. Despite these challenges, 
post demerger the business is repurposed and reinvigorated 
and we are confident we will continue our TTV growth 
trajectory and deliver significant earnings growth to FY30.
In a challenging year, staff engagement remained strong 
and above peer average, a testament to the ongoing 
attention to engagement across the business.  We also 
saw our commitment to the 40:40 vision reflected in the 
percentage of women on our Board and management team.  
We continued to invest in our customers and partners, 
launching a Customer Self-Service Portal in APAC, MEA and 
Europe, and establishing a new global Operational Account 
Management function to better support engagement with 
customers, suppliers and commercial teams. As a Group 1 entity, Web Travel Group will release its first 
mandatory climate reporting as part of FY26 annual financial 
reporting. In preparation, this year we refreshed our 
emissions baseline to reflect the post-demerger entity and 
are developing an emissions reduction pathway to inform 
target setting. This Sustainability Report includes the new 
baseline and an ASRS aligned climate section as a dry run 
ahead of our first mandatory report next year.   
We also remain focused on ensuring responsible governance 
and prioritising the security of our websites, booking 
platforms and financial and data management systems.  
We remain committed to creating sustainable earnings 
and capital growth for our shareholders and supporting 
our stakeholders including employees, suppliers, 
customers and communities that we serve. We thank all 
our stakeholders for their ongoing support as we continue 
on our sustainability journey.
John Guscic  
Managing Director,  
Web Travel Group LimitedManaging Director’s 
Message .
FY25 was a historical year for the Company. Since 
the demerger of the B2C businesses in September 2024, 
Web Travel Group is now solely focused on driving 
profitable growth  in the WebBeds B2B business.  
Web Travel Group Limited Sustainability Report 2025
02

=== Page 16 ===
Material sustainability topic –
Climate Change Risk 
and Disclosure .
Why this is important to us
Web Travel Group recognises the increasing risks 
associated with a changing climate, including to the travel 
industry, and believe all organisations have a role to play 
in helping transition to a low carbon economy.
How we manage this area
The Board is focused on this area and discusses the 
impact a changing climate could have on our business 
and its implications for our strategy. The Company 
is committed to reducing its emissions and meeting 
investor and regulatory climate disclosure expectations. 
The Board’s Risk Committee has specific oversight of 
these targets.
What we focus on
Carbon emission measurement and reduction
In FY22, Webjet Limited began a process to assess 
carbon impact with a view to creating an emissions 
baseline from which to build a reduction pathway. This 
involved measuring, auditing, reducing where practical 
and subsequently offsetting carbon emissions. In FY24, 
to begin to prepare for the introduction of mandatory 
reporting, Webjet Limited reviewed its approach 
against ASRS reporting requirements and began to 
work to close gaps. In FY25, as part of demerging, 
Webjet Limited, now Web Travel Group, re-baselined its 
carbon footprint and took a decision to cease investing 
in operational carbon offsetting so that we could 
redirect our investment to development of an emissions 
reduction plan and a focus on absolute reductions.Alignment with global climate disclosure standards
In FY24 Webjet Limited commenced aligning with the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) recommendations. The TCFD is the global 
standard for communicating climate-related risks and 
opportunities exposure and management approach to 
investors and other stakeholders. During FY25 Webjet 
Limited, now Web Travel Group, transitioned from 
reporting under the TCFD standard to the incoming 
Australian climate reporting regime (ASRS AASB S2). 
As a Group 1 entity, Web Travel Group will release its 
first mandatory climate reporting as part of FY26 annual 
financial reporting. We will also continue to monitor 
developments at the global level as international 
standards (ISSB) are introduced.
Phased approach to meeting the new climate related 
financial disclosure regime
Web Travel Group has completed Phase 1 and we are now 
focused on Phase 2.
Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3
Establish baseline 
carbon footprint 
and identify 
high-level climate-
related physical 
and transition risk 
opportunities.Undertake more 
detailed climate 
risk assessment 
aligned to scenarios, 
design adaptation 
plans, integrate 
with existing 
enterprise-level 
risk management 
approach and 
governance.Translate material 
physical and 
transition risks into 
forecasted financial 
impact. Include in 
annual financial 
reporting.Reducing our  
Impact
Web Travel Group Limited Sustainability Report 2025
14

=== Page 18 ===
Carbon emissions performance
Scopes FY25
Scope 1 227.22
Scope 2 (Location-based) 828.20
Scope 2 (Market-based) 939.74
Scope 3 (Location-based) 648,466
Scope 3 (Market-based) 648,559
Total Emissions (Location-based) 649,521
Total Emissions (Market-based) 649,726
• In September 2024, Webjet Limited underwent a demerger, resulting 
in the formation of Webjet Group Limited to manage its former B2C 
businesses, leaving Webjet Limited operating the WebBeds B2B 
business only. As a result a new emissions baseline for Webjet Limited 
(now Web Travel Group) has been established in FY25.
• Reporting year is 1st Apr 2024- 31st Mar 2025. Actual data was 
provided for half year (1st Apr 2024-30th Sep 2024) and then an uplift 
factor applied to project the full year emissions.
• Emissions calculated in this report have been assessed in line with 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Standard and Greenhouse Gas Scope 
3 Standard methodology and prepared in line with the operational 
control consolidation approach. 
• Emission sources from all properties owned and leased by 
Web Travel Group have been included in the footprint’s boundary which 
includes all 25 facilities leased globally.
• Both Location-based and Market-based emissions were calculated for 
Scope 2 and Scope 3 Category 3 emissions for completeness.
• Category 11: Use of Sold Products contributed 94% of emissions, 
followed by Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services and Category 
2: Capital Goods, contributing 2.5% and 2.1%, respectively. These 
figures have used the Market-based approach.
• Activity or spend data was used for the footprint calculation, where a 
data gap existed, an estimation was made to fill the gap.
• Scope 1 & 2 for fuel and electricity were calculated based on the actual 
consumption and Scope 1 refrigerants emissions were estimated 
based on the m2 area of sites.
• Scope 3 Categories 1, 2, 4, & 6 emissions were calculated based on 
the spend.
• Scope 3 Category 3 emissions were calculated based on the actual fuel 
and electricity consumption.
• Scope 3 Category 7 emissions were calculated based on the number 
of full-time equivalent (FTE) employees, the expected proportion of 
employees working from home, and the number of days per week 
working from office. The average distance for commute and modes of 
transport were sourced from standard industry information.
• Scope 3 Category 11 emissions were calculated per night stays in different 
star rated sold accommodation and per spend for sold land transport.
Data preparation was externally supported, and the Company 
will commence external assurance next year in line with 
ASRS requirements.Location and market-based definitions 
Location-based emissions use average emission 
factors for the geographic location where energy is 
consumed, while market-based emissions reflect a 
company’s specific energy choices and contracts, 
including renewable energy purchases. Both are 
included for completeness in Web Travel Group’s 
reporting, and to reflect the Company’s purchase of 
renewable energy in Malaysia.
Breakdown of the Scopes
Scope 1 emissions  — consist of emissions relating 
to mobile fuel (petrol) combustion in fleet vehicles 
and fugitive emissions from air conditioning within 
Web Travel Group properties.
Scope 2 emissions  — include all electricity purchased 
for Web Travel Group operational locations.
Scope 3 emissions  — are emissions associated with 
Web Travel Group’s upstream and downstream business 
activities. These include indirect emissions sources 
such as purchased goods and services, employee 
commute and waste generated. Material sustainability topic –
Climate Change Risk 
and Disclosure .
FY25 IN REVIEW.  (CONTINUED)Reducing our  
Impact
Web Travel Group Limited Sustainability Report 2025
16 Cat 1: Purchased goods  
and services 2.55%
 Cat 2: Capital goods  
2.10%
 Cat 3: Fuel- and energy-  
related emissions  
(Market-based) 0.02% Cat 4: Upstream transportation 
and distribution 0.003%
 Cat 5: Waste generated 
in operations 0.05%
 Cat 6 : Business travel 0.74%
 Cat 7 : Employee commuting  
0.13%Cat 11:  Use of sold 
products 94.21%Breakdown of Web Travel Group’s  
Scope 3 emissions

=== Page 19 ===
Ongoing Initiatives to reduce emissions
We continue to look for ways to reduce our 
emissions including:
Energy:
 •Installation of energy efficient lighting and use 
of sensor lighting
 •Minimising after hours air-conditioning use
 •Installation of blinds to minimise cooling and 
heating costs
 •Automatic switch off devices on appliances and 
equipment when not in use
 •Reviewing physical offices and looking for opportunities 
to rationalise the Company’s footprint
 •Engaging with landlords and energy providers to find 
pathways to increase access to direct supplies of 
renewable energy
Water:
 •Installation of low flow water fixtures
 •Use of water efficient appliances
Waste:
 •Reducing paper usage and encouraging recycling
 •Moving towards being paper lite
 •Responsible disposal of old computers and cell phones
FY26 focus
Building on prior work, we will continue to prepare 
for the introduction of mandatory climate reporting. 
The key activity will be completing a second pass climate 
risk assessment specifically for Web Travel Group and 
undertaking a mitigation modelling and decarbonisation 
planning process.  Reducing our  
ImpactMaterial sustainability topic –
Climate Change Risk 
and Disclosure .
FY25 IN REVIEW.  (CONTINUED)
17