=== Page 1 ===
Climate-related disclosures
Our approach
Our response to climate change and the 
transition to a low-emissions economy 
aligns with our corporate objective and 
focus on sustainable, long-term value 
creation. Our divisions work in a 
disciplined way to decarbonise their 
operations, manage climate-related risks, 
develop climate-related partnerships and, 
where appropriate invest in climate-
related growth opportunities. 
Our divisions are managed with climate 
and carbon awareness, with continued 
focus on reducing operational Scope 1 
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
(operational emissions). All divisions have 
set interim and net zero operational 
emissions targets that reflect their unique 
business attributes and operational 
emissions profiles. We regularly monitor 
and report our performance and progress 
towards interim and net zero operational 
emissions targets and divisions report 
on relevant categories of Scope 3 
emissions. This year, the divisions 
continued to mature their analysis of their 
Scope 3 value-chain emissions to better 
understand reduction opportunities and 
areas of influence.As a large, diversified Group, 
decarbonisation of some industrial 
processes in our operations and value 
chain depends on a range of solutions 
and technologies becoming commercially 
viable and operating at scale. Across our 
value chain, where the Group’s influence 
varies, partnerships and engagement are 
essential to support suppliers and 
customers in transitioning to a low-
emissions economy, recognising there 
are differences between our divisions 
and others in the sectors in which 
they operate. 
This year, we established cross-functional 
and divisional workstreams to prepare 
for the implementation of the Australian 
Accounting Standards Board’s (AASB) 
ASRS S2. Building on previous years' 
work, we enhanced the management 
and monitoring of climate-related risks 
and opportunities to support greater 
alignment with the Group’s enterprise 
risk management and corporate 
planning processes.We are developing a Group climate-
related financial reporting framework 
to establish a consistent approach 
among our businesses to assess the 
financial impacts of climate-related 
risks and opportunities. This year, 
we commissioned an externally-led, 
independent review of Group climate-
related governance processes which 
are central to the Group’s approach 
to responding to climate change.
Australia’s mandatory climate-related 
financial disclosure requirements apply 
to the Group from 1 July 2025 for financial 
year 2026 reporting. As the ASRS S2 
expands on the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), Wesfarmers 
continues to report climate-related 
disclosures using the TCFD framework 
during this last transition year.Wesfarmers supports the transition to a low-emissions economy.
Wesfarmers 2025 Annual Report
59
Operating and 
financial reviewSustainability  
Report

=== Page 4 ===
There are four overarching areas of strategic focus: 
Operational 
decarbonisation
All divisions have interim 
and net zero Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 (market-based) 
emissions targets.Value chain emissions
All divisions report relevant 
Scope 3 emissions 
categories and identify 
opportunities to address 
value chain emissions.Growth opportunities
Wesfarmers and our 
divisions look for 
opportunities that support 
the transition to a low-
emissions economy.Partnerships
Partnerships support 
decarbonisation of 
operational and value 
chain emissions.Strategy 
The Group’s response to climate change aligns with our purpose and focus  
on long-term value creation.
Consistent with Wesfarmers’ model of divisional autonomy, each division has developed a strategy reflecting its unique emissions 
profile and climate-related risks and opportunities. Decarbonisation strategies and pathways to build climate resilience vary across 
our divisions given the different sectors in which they operate. 
Climate-related risks 
and opportunities 
Our businesses are exposed to climate-
related physical and transition risks 
and opportunities.
In 2025, we strengthened the 
integration of climate-related risks 
and opportunities into the Wesfarmers 
Risk Management Framework and 
corporate planning process. 
The Wesfarmers Risk Management 
Framework provides a consistent 
methodology for identifying, assessing, 
managing and reporting risks across the 
Group, with oversight from the Corporate 
Office, supported by divisional governance 
structures. The Group’s Risk Appetite 
Statement explicitly includes climate-
related risk and was last reviewed and 
approved by the Wesfarmers Board in 
May 2025. Risks are reported and 
monitored through divisional and Group 
audit, risk and compliance committees 
and boards.Climate-related risks and opportunities 
are considered by each division as part 
of the annual corporate planning and 
budget processes. This requires divisions 
to forecast emissions and consider 
strategies and investments to meet 
decarbonisation targets. 
Physical risks
Physical risks may be acute (such 
as from floods or fires) or chronic 
(such as sea level rise and sustained 
temperature increases). 
In recent years, Wesfarmers’ operations 
and the communities in which we operate 
have been impacted by an increase in 
the frequency and intensity of extreme 
weather events, such as flooding, 
extreme heat, fires and storms. In some 
instances, these events have led to 
property damage, operational and supply 
chain disruptions, and impacts on stores, 
team members, customers and local 
communities. Transition risks
Transition risks are driven by changes 
in global and domestic policy, regulation, 
technology, markets and community 
expectations. Our businesses operate 
in diverse sectors of the economy and 
their exposures vary depending on the 
emissions intensity, business model, 
geographical footprint and value chains 
of each business. 
Opportunities
The shift to a low-emissions economy 
presents opportunities for growth, 
including participating in new industries 
such as critical minerals like lithium, and 
entry into new markets through customer 
offerings within our retail businesses. 
There may also be adjacent opportunities 
that support the energy transition and 
products and services that support 
a circular economy.
PHYSICAL TRANSITION REGIONS
Extreme rain Storm surge Policy Markets Global (Wesfarmers sites and offices)
Key sourcing markets in Australia, 
New Zealand and internationally, 
including exposure to certain suppliers 
and transport infrastructureExtreme heat Cyclones RegulationStakeholder  
perceptions
Extreme dry Sea level rise Technology
Fire weatherDrivers and metrics
Across the Group, a consistent set of parameters is used to identify and assess climate-related risks and opportunities.
Operating and financial review | Sustainability Report
Wesfarmers 2025 Annual Report
62

=== Page 8 ===
1 Wesfarmers’ reporting boundary is based on operational control as defined by the National Greenhouse 
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth). Scope 2 emissions are stated using market-based accounting, in 
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 2 guidance. Supplementary location-based data  
can be found from page 187 and at wesfarmers.com.au/sustainabilityOperational decarbonisation
Decarbonisation pathways vary across the sectors in which our divisions operate. All divisions 
have set interim and net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) emissions targets.
Group operational emissions profile
Scope 1
Scope 1 emissions are ‘direct’ emissions 
released from the Group’s operations and 
account for 77 per cent of the Group’s 
total operational emissions. 
Over 95.6 per cent of the Group’s 
Scope 1 emissions are from WesCEF’s 
industrial processes, including the 
manufacturing and processing of 
ammonia, ammonium nitrate, sodium 
cyanide, liquefied natural gas (LNG) and 
liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). These 
emissions are hard to abate and require 
low-emissions technologies and solutions 
to become commercially viable at scale.
The remaining Scope 1 emissions relate 
principally to emissions from fleet vehicles, 
natural gas for heating, LPG in forklifts 
and equipment and refrigerants in cooling 
systems. To reduce these emissions, 
our divisions need to transition to 
low-emissions fuels and electrify plant, 
equipment and vehicles. Offsets may 
be required to address residual Scope 1 
emissions across the Group. Scope 2
Scope 2 (market-based) emissions are 
‘indirect’ emissions associated with the 
use of grid-purchased electricity across 
the Group and account for 23 per cent of 
the Group’s total operational emissions. 
More than 74 per cent of the Group’s 
Scope 2 (market-based) emissions are 
from the use of grid-purchased electricity 
at Bunnings Group, Kmart Group 
and Officeworks. 
Scope 2 emissions are material for 
our retail divisions and represent 
around 89 per cent of their operational 
emissions. To reduce Scope 2 emissions, 
Bunnings, Kmart and Officeworks have 
implemented a portfolio of onsite and 
offsite solutions, including renewable 
power purchase agreements and 
energy efficiency measures.Divisional contribution in 2025
1,200
1,000
800  Scope 1    Scope 2 (market-based)Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) 
emissions (kilotonnes)1
1,500
1,000
500
0
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025Group performance
This year, the Group’s Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 (market-based) emissions 
were 1,026.6 kilotonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (ktCO2e), a decrease 
of 9.3 per cent from 2024. 
Scope 1 emissions were 789.7 ktCO2e,  
a 4.8 per cent decrease relative to 2024. 
This reduction relates to a series of 
operational factors that vary year to year.
Scope 2 (market-based) emissions 
were 236.9 ktCO2e, a decrease of 
21.7 per cent relative to 2024. This was 
achieved through ongoing energy 
efficiency initiatives, generating 
renewable electricity from rooftop solar 
and procuring renewable electricity.SCOPE 2SCOPE 1 
  WesCEF   Kmart Group   Bunnings Group   Officeworks   Other divisionsSCOPE 2SCOPE 1 Scope 1 
emissions
789.7 
ktCO2eScope 2 
(market-based) 
emissions
236.9 
ktCO2e20241,132.4
20251,026.6Bunnings  
Group24.8
Kmart 
Group23.2
WesCEF40.6
Other 
divisions17.2
Operating and financial review | Sustainability Report
Wesfarmers 2025 Annual Report
66

=== Page 9 ===
Scope 1 operational decarbonisation
The majority of the Group’s Scope 1 emissions arise from WesCEF’s industrial processes. Decarbonisation initiatives in WesCEF’s 
2050 net zero roadmap1,2 are expected to drive a reduction in the Group’s Scope 1 emissions. Reductions in Scope 1 emissions 
across other divisions require replacing, electrifying or improving the efficiency of fleet, plant and equipment.
WesCEF’s interim 2030 target
In May 2025, WesCEF implemented 
a new tertiary abatement technology that 
will eliminate 98 per cent of nitrous oxide4 
emissions from its newest nitric acid plant 
at Kwinana, Western Australia. 
The project installed 10 tonnes of tertiary 
abatement catalysts in baskets within 
the plant to neutralise nitrous oxide – 
a byproduct of nitric acid production. 
The project was part-funded by a 
$500,000 Western Australian Government 
Carbon Innovation Grant and is eligible 
to generate Australian Carbon Credit 
Units (ACCUs). 
The new abatement technology 
is expected to deliver WesCEF an 
11 per cent reduction in operational 
emissions, relative to its 2020 baseline. 
This technology is expected to be 
implemented in a second nitric acid plant 
in 2026 and the final plant by 2028. 
WesCEF will receive a total of $33 million 
from the Australian Government’s 
Powering the Regions Fund upon 
successful implementation of this 
technology.
In 2025, WesCEF progressed additional 
initiatives to support delivery of its interim 
2030 target. A final investment decision was made to 
replace an existing waste-gas incinerator 
in the sodium cyanide facility with new 
technology that reduces nitrous oxide 
emissions. This project is partially funded 
by the Australian Government. A feasibility 
study was completed to capture the 
process heat from this incinerator to 
produce zero-emissions electricity, reducing 
demand for grid-purchased electricity 
and associated Scope 2 emissions.
WesCEF continued to evaluate pathways 
to decarbonise ammonia production 
post-2030. Work continues with partner 
Mitsui E&P Australia to progress the 
Cygnus carbon capture and storage (CCS) 
project near Dongara, Western Australia. 
Progress is dependent on various factors, 
including Government support for CCS, 
the development of regulations for onshore 
CCS, along with long-term access to 
affordable natural gas and further 
evaluation of transport options.
CSBP was an early adopter of emissions 
reduction technology, installing secondary 
nitrous oxide abatement catalysts in its 
newest plant when it was built over 
a decade ago, which was then retrofitted to the two existing plants. The installation 
of the tertiary abatement catalysts, in 
combination with existing secondary 
abatement catalysts, is expected to deliver 
emissions reductions of at least 98 per 
cent, relative to an unabated process.
2030 pathway3 
WesCEF’s current view of its interim decarbonisation pathway to 2030 is outlined below. WesCEF continues to evaluate additional 
opportunities to reduce emissions and assess potential risks to achieving its interim target as they arise.
1 Further information on WesCEF’s net zero roadmap is available at wescef.com.au/wescefs-roadmap-to-net-zero/
2 In setting its FY2050 net zero target and roadmap, WesCEF assumes that low-emissions technologies and emerging solutions like low-emissions ammonia, 
hydrogen and carbon capture, storage and utilisation will advance and become commercially viable and operate at scale, well before 2050. WesCEF also assumes 
that government policy will remain supportive of climate action. Around 10 per cent of WesCEF’s remaining emissions may require the use of carbon offsets if no 
commercially viable technological solutions emerge. The assumptions underpinning WesCEF’s targets will be regularly tested to ensure that they are reasonable.
3 Baselines of targets may be adjusted for significant changes to our businesses, including material acquisitions, divestments or changes to greenhouse gas reporting 
methodologies. 
4 Nitrous oxide is a greenhouse gas with global warming potential 265 times that of carbon dioxide.2020 baseline Operational 
improvementsTertiary  
catalystsSodium cyanide 
gas incineratorScope 2 Growth Emerging 
opportunities2030 interim 
target955 ktCO2e (13%)
(11%)
(2%)(4%) 3%(3%) 669 ktCO2eNitrous oxide abatement
Increased 
maintenance of 
secondary abatement 
and operational 
improvementsInstall tertiary 
abatement catalysts 
in all three nitric acid 
plants (and associated 
process modifications)  
2025–2028Replace existing 
incinerator in sodium 
cyanide facility with 
new technology that 
reduces nitrous oxide  
2027Renewable or alternative 
electricity sources 
(such as renewable or 
self-generation from 
waste heat)Increase in emissions 
due to production 
expansionsAssessment of 
emerging solutions 
to mitigate increase 
in emissions from 
production expansions
  NAAN Plant 3
  NAAN Plant 1
  NAAN Plant 2  Completed       Implementation       FeasibilitySecondary 
abatement
Secondary 
and tertiary 
abatement1.82
No 
abatement0.04 Residual 
emissions 
intensityEmissions intensity of nitric 
acid (tonnes CO2e per tonne 
of nitric acid produced)
Nitric acid is used to produce 
ammonium nitrate which is used 
to manufacture explosive products 
for the mining industry and fertiliser 
for agriculture.
Wesfarmers 2025 Annual Report
67
Operating and 
financial reviewSustainability  
Report