=== Table 1 (page 1) ===
Our approach,,
Our response to climate change and the,"As a large, diversified Group,",We are developing a Group climate-
transition to a low-emissions economy,decarbonisation of some industrial,related financial reporting framework
aligns with our corporate objective and,processes in our operations and value,to establish a consistent approach
"focus on sustainable, long-term value",chain depends on a range of solutions,among our businesses to assess the
creation. Our divisions work in a,and technologies becoming commercially,financial impacts of climate-related
disciplined way to decarbonise their,viable and operating at scale. Across our,"risks and opportunities. This year,"
"operations, manage climate-related risks,","value chain, where the Group’s influence","we commissioned an externally-led,"
"develop climate-related partnerships and,","varies, partnerships and engagement are",independent review of Group climate-
where appropriate invest in climate-,essential to support suppliers and,related governance processes which
related growth opportunities.,customers in transitioning to a low-,are central to the Group’s approach
,"emissions economy, recognising there",to responding to climate change.
Our divisions are managed with climate,,
,are differences between our divisions,
"and carbon awareness, with continued",,Australia’s mandatory climate-related
,and others in the sectors in which,
focus on reducing operational Scope 1,,financial disclosure requirements apply
,they operate.,
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions,,to the Group from 1 July 2025 for financial
(operational emissions). All divisions have,"This year, we established cross-functional",year 2026 reporting. As the ASRS S2
set interim and net zero operational,and divisional workstreams to prepare,expands on the recommendations of the
emissions targets that reflect their unique,for the implementation of the Australian,Task Force on Climate-related Financial
business attributes and operational,Accounting Standards Board’s (AASB),"Disclosures (TCFD), Wesfarmers"
emissions profiles. We regularly monitor,ASRS S2. Building on previous years',continues to report climate-related
and report our performance and progress,"work, we enhanced the management",disclosures using the TCFD framework
towards interim and net zero operational,and monitoring of climate-related risks,during this last transition year.
emissions targets and divisions report,and opportunities to support greater,
on relevant categories of Scope 3,alignment with the Group’s enterprise,
"emissions. This year, the divisions",risk management and corporate,
continued to mature their analysis of their,planning processes.,
Scope 3 value-chain emissions to better,,

=== Table 2 (page 4) ===
profile and climate-related risks and opportunities. Decarbonisation strategies and pathways to build climate resilience vary across,,,
our divisions given the different sectors in which they operate.,,,
,There are four overarching areas of strategic focus:,,
Operational,Value chain emissions,Growth opportunities,Partnerships
decarbonisation,,,
,All divisions report relevant,Wesfarmers and our,Partnerships support
All divisions have interim,Scope 3 emissions,divisions look for,decarbonisation of
and net zero Scope 1 and,categories and identify,opportunities that support,operational and value
Scope 2 (market-based),opportunities to address,the transition to a low-,chain emissions.
emissions targets.,value chain emissions.,emissions economy.,

=== Table 3 (page 8) ===
Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based),,Scope 1,Scope 2
emissions (kilotonnes)1,,,
,,Scope 1 emissions are ‘direct’ emissions,Scope 2 (market-based) emissions are
,,released from the Group’s operations and,‘indirect’ emissions associated with the
"1,500",,,
Scope 1,Scope 2 (market-based),account for 77 per cent of the Group’s,use of grid-purchased electricity across
,,total operational emissions.,the Group and account for 23 per cent of
,,,the Group’s total operational emissions.
"1,000",,Over 95.6 per cent of the Group’s,
,,Scope 1 emissions are from WesCEF’s,More than 74 per cent of the Group’s
,,"industrial processes, including the",Scope 2 (market-based) emissions are
500,,manufacturing and processing of,from the use of grid-purchased electricity
,,"ammonia, ammonium nitrate, sodium","at Bunnings Group, Kmart Group"
,,"cyanide, liquefied natural gas (LNG) and",and Officeworks.
0,,,
,,liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). These,
"2021
2022
2023
2024",2025,,Scope 2 emissions are material for
,,emissions are hard to abate and require,
,,,our retail divisions and represent
,,low-emissions technologies and solutions,
,,,around 89 per cent of their operational
,,to become commercially viable at scale.,
Divisional contribution in 2025,,,"emissions. To reduce Scope 2 emissions,"
,,The remaining Scope 1 emissions relate,"Bunnings, Kmart and Officeworks have"
"1,200",,"principally to emissions from fleet vehicles,",implemented a portfolio of onsite and
"1,132.4
24.8",,"natural gas for heating, LPG in forklifts","offsite solutions, including renewable"
23.2,,,
40.6,,and equipment and refrigerants in cooling,power purchase agreements and
17.2,,"systems. To reduce these emissions,",energy efficiency measures.
,"1,026.6",,
,,our divisions need to transition to,
"1,000",,,

=== Table 4 (page 9) ===
Scope 1 operational decarbonisation,,
,The majority of the Group’s Scope 1 emissions arise from WesCEF’s industrial processes. Decarbonisation initiatives in WesCEF’s,
,"2050 net zero roadmap1,2 are expected to drive a reduction in the Group’s Scope 1 emissions. Reductions in Scope 1 emissions",
,"across other divisions require replacing, electrifying or improving the efficiency of fleet, plant and equipment.",
WesCEF’s interim 2030 target,,
"In May 2025, WesCEF implemented",A final investment decision was made to,to the two existing plants. The installation
a new tertiary abatement technology that,replace an existing waste-gas incinerator,"of the tertiary abatement catalysts, in"
will eliminate 98 per cent of nitrous oxide4,in the sodium cyanide facility with new,combination with existing secondary
emissions from its newest nitric acid plant,technology that reduces nitrous oxide,"abatement catalysts, is expected to deliver"
"at Kwinana, Western Australia.",emissions. This project is partially funded,emissions reductions of at least 98 per
,by the Australian Government. A feasibility,"cent, relative to an unabated process."
The project installed 10 tonnes of tertiary,,
abatement catalysts in baskets within,study was completed to capture the,
the plant to neutralise nitrous oxide –,process heat from this incinerator to,
a byproduct of nitric acid production.,"produce zero-emissions electricity, reducing",
,,Emissions intensity of nitric
,demand for grid-purchased electricity,
The project was part-funded by a,,
,and associated Scope 2 emissions.,acid (tonnes CO2e per tonne
"$500,000 Western Australian Government",,of nitric acid produced)
Carbon Innovation Grant and is eligible,WesCEF continued to evaluate pathways,
,,1.82
to generate Australian Carbon Credit,to decarbonise ammonia production,
Units (ACCUs).,post-2030. Work continues with partner,
,Mitsui E&P Australia to progress the,
The new abatement technology,,
,Cygnus carbon capture and storage (CCS),
is expected to deliver WesCEF an,,
,"project near Dongara, Western Australia.",
11 per cent reduction in operational,,
,,0.04
,"Progress is dependent on various factors,",
"emissions, relative to its 2020 baseline.",,
This technology is expected to be,"including Government support for CCS,",No
implemented in a second nitric acid plant,the development of regulations for onshore,"abatement
Secondary 
abatement
Secondary 
and tertiary 
abatement
Residual 
emissions 
intensity"
in 2026 and the final plant by 2028.,"CCS, along with long-term access to",
WesCEF will receive a total of $33 million,affordable natural gas and further,
from the Australian Government’s,evaluation of transport options.,
,,Nitric acid is used to produce
Powering the Regions Fund upon,,
,CSBP was an early adopter of emissions,ammonium nitrate which is used
successful implementation of this,,
,"reduction technology, installing secondary",to manufacture explosive products
technology.,,
,nitrous oxide abatement catalysts in its,for the mining industry and fertiliser
"In 2025, WesCEF progressed additional",,for agriculture.
,newest plant when it was built over,
initiatives to support delivery of its interim,"a decade ago, which was then retrofitted",
2030 target.,,
2030 pathway3,,
,WesCEF’s current view of its interim decarbonisation pathway to 2030 is outlined below. WesCEF continues to evaluate additional,
,opportunities to reduce emissions and assess potential risks to achieving its interim target as they arise.,
,Nitrous oxide abatement,"Completed     
  Implementation     
  Feasibility"

=== Table 5 (page 9) ===
,2020 baseline,Operational,Tertiary,Sodium cyanide,Scope 2,Growth,Emerging,2030 interim
,,improvements,catalysts,gas incinerator,,,opportunities,target
1  Further information on WesCEF’s net zero roadmap is available at wescef.com.au/wescefs-roadmap-to-net-zero/,,,,,,,,
,,,,,,,,
2,"In setting its FY2050 net zero target and roadmap, WesCEF assumes that low-emissions technologies and emerging solutions like low-emissions ammonia,",,,,,,,
,"hydrogen and carbon capture, storage and utilisation will advance and become commercially viable and operate at scale, well before 2050. WesCEF also assumes",,,,,,,
,that government policy will remain supportive of climate action. Around 10 per cent of WesCEF’s remaining emissions may require the use of carbon offsets if no,,,,,,,
,commercially viable technological solutions emerge. The assumptions underpinning WesCEF’s targets will be regularly tested to ensure that they are reasonable.,,,,,,,
"3  Baselines of targets may be adjusted for significant changes to our businesses, including material acquisitions, divestments or changes to greenhouse gas reporting",,,,,,,,
,methodologies.,,,,,,,
4  Nitrous oxide is a greenhouse gas with global warming potential 265 times that of carbon dioxide.,,,,,,,,

=== Table 6 (page 10) ===
We have three overarching strategies to reduce Scope 2 emissions:,,
Reduce electricity use in retail,Generate electricity on-site,Procure renewable electricity
store networks,,
,Invest in behind-the-meter electricity,"Deploy a portfolio of solutions,"
Improve energy efficiency of existing,generation from renewable and,including sourcing renewable electricity
stores through retrofitting automated,waste-heat sources to replace,and associated large-scale generation
"building management systems,","grid-electricity use. For most divisions,","certificates (LGCs), through power"
installing LED lighting and improving,this is through rooftop solar and for,purchase agreements with electricity
the efficiency of heating and cooling,WesCEF it is through waste-heat,retailers and/or generators and retail
systems. There are opportunities,"recovery. Where commercially feasible,",renewable electricity products like
to apply more sustainable design,battery systems may complement,GreenPower. Unbundled renewable
principles in the design and build,rooftop solar installations.,"energy certificates, including LGCs,"
stage for new stores.,,will also be required.

=== Table 7 (page 10) ===
Achieving 100% renewable electricity,
"In 2021, Bunnings Group, Kmart Group and Officeworks",but include long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs)
formalised their commitment to source 100 per cent,"linked to solar, wind and hydro assets from projects such as"
renewable electricity for their operations by the end of,"the MacIntyre Wind Farm, Sebastopol Solar Farm, Numurkah"
calendar year 2025. All three divisions have implemented,"Solar Farm, Tailem Bend 2 Solar Farm and CleanCo’s"
renewable electricity strategies.,Western Downs Green Power Hub. The remaining electricity
,"needs, mainly for embedded networks and landlord sites,"
"From 1 January 2025, Bunnings Group and Officeworks",
,will be met with unbundled LGCs.
"achieved their 100 per cent renewable electricity targets,",
with all electricity needs matched by renewable sources.,
,Emissions intensity by revenue
Kmart Group has renewable electricity contracts in place,
and is expected to achieve its 100 per cent renewable,The full impact of the new renewable electricity contracts
"electricity target by the end of the 2025 calendar year,","will be accounted for in 2026, when all contracts will be"
when its electricity needs will be matched by electricity,in operation for the full reporting year.
from renewable sources.,
"Since establishing the target, each of the three divisions has",t CO2e/$m revenue
deployed a portfolio of solutions to meet their 100 per cent,
,30
"renewable electricity target. Efficiency initiatives, such as",
"lighting upgrades, building management systems and",
"energy-efficient store designs, reduce and stabilise",20
electricity consumption.,
"Bunnings began installing solar in 2009, and rooftop",10
"solar installations have since increased in scale. Over time,",
all three divisions have expanded installations to 245,0
"systems, representing more than 52 megawatts","2021
2022
2023
2024
2025"
"(MW) of generation capacity. Across the Group, rooftop",
,"Bunnings Group  
  Kmart Group  
  Officeworks"
solar installations totalled 257 systems with 55 MW,
of generation capacity.,
,These strategies have delivered a reduction in Scope 2
"Renewable electricity contracts are used by Bunnings Group,",
,(market-based) emissions by more than 51 per cent relative
Kmart Group and Officeworks to meet the majority of their,
,"to 2022, while revenues and store footprints have grown."
renewable electricity needs. Contract arrangements vary,

=== Table 8 (page 11) ===
,SEP,
2009,2020,2021
Bunnings' first rooftop solar,Formalisation of targets for,Linkage of renewable
system installed,"Bunnings Group, Kmart Group",electricity target to
,and Officeworks:,sustainability-linked
,,bond issuances
,– 100 per cent renewable,
,electricity by end of calendar,
,year 2025,
,– net zero Scope 1 and,
,Scope 2 (market-based),

=== Table 9 (page 12) ===
Operational decarbonisation divisional progress,,
TARGETS1,BASELINE EMISSIONS PROFILE,PROGRESS AND HIGHLIGHTS IN 2025
,Scope 1 emissions represent around,Bunnings Group achieved a 50.2 per cent
,five per cent of Bunnings Group’s baseline,reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-
Bunnings Group,,
,operational emissions and come from natural,based) emissions compared to the prior year.
,"gas for heating, LPG for community barbecues",Since setting its net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2
,and fuel used in forklifts and fleet vehicles.,"target, it is 90.5 per cent below its baseline."
259.7,Scope 2 emissions represent around,
,,"Installed 29 rooftop solar systems, for a total"
,95 per cent of Bunnings Group’s baseline,
,,of 184 systems.
50.2%,emissions and come from grid-purchased,
,"electricity use across its stores, distribution",Launched its fleet electrification which will
"59.9
49.4",,
24.6,centres and offices.,contribute to Scope 1 emissions reductions.
,,"During the year, Bunnings rolled out the"
"Baseline 
2023
2024
2025",Bunnings Group achieved its 100 per cent,
,,first delivery of electric vehicles (EVs) and
2018,renewable electricity target on 1 January 2025,
,,installed charging infrastructure at team
,which will address its Scope 2 (market-based),
,,members’ homes. This initial rollout serves
,emissions and contribute significantly to its net,
Net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 by 2030,,"as a pilot to test the transition process,"
,zero target.,
100 per cent renewable electricity by the,,"gather insights and capture feedback,"
end of calendar year 2025,,informing future rollout plans.
,Scope 1 emissions represent around,Kmart Group achieved a 12.6 per cent reduction
,five per cent of Kmart Group’s baseline,in Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based)
Kmart Group,,
,"operational emissions, largely attributable to",emissions compared to the prior year. Since
,"natural gas used for heating, LPG for forklifts,","setting its net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 target,"
,fuel in fleet vehicles and small refrigerant,it is 51.2 per cent below its 2018 baseline.
330.8,,
12.6%,losses from cooling systems.,
,,"Installed three rooftop solar systems, for a total"
218.1,Scope 2 emissions represent around,
184.6,,of nine systems across its store network.
161.3,95 per cent of Kmart Group’s baseline,
,operational emissions and come from grid,Commissioned its first low-emissions
,electricity use.,"refrigerant chiller at its Helensvale, Queensland"
,,store. The chiller utilises refrigerant gas with
"Baseline 
2023
2024
2025",Kmart Group is expected to achieve its,
,,a significantly lower greenhouse warming
2018,100 per cent renewable electricity target by,
,,"potential than conventional refrigerants,"
,the end of the 2025 calendar year when its,
,,reducing the impact from losses during routine
,electricity needs will be matched by electricity,
Net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 by 2030,,operation.
,from renewable sources. This will address,
100 per cent renewable electricity by the,,
,its Scope 2 (market-based) emissions and,
end of calendar year 2025,,
,contribute significantly to its net zero target.,

=== Table 10 (page 13) ===
Operational decarbonisation divisional progress,,,,
TARGETS1,,,BASELINE EMISSIONS PROFILE,PROGRESS AND HIGHLIGHTS IN 2025
,,,Scope 1 emissions represent a negligible,Officeworks achieved a 55.2 per cent reduction
,,,proportion of Officeworks’ baseline operational,in Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based)
Officeworks,,,,
,,,emissions and come primarily from fuel use in,emissions compared to the prior year. Since
,,,fleet vehicles.,setting its net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2
49.1,,,,"(market-based) target, it is 77.2 per cent below"
,,,Scope 2 emissions represent almost all,
,,,,its 2018 baseline.
,,55.2%,of Officeworks’ operational baseline emissions,
,,,and are associated with the use of grid,
,27.1,,,
,,25.0,,Installed 22 rooftop solar systems for a total
,,,electricity across Officeworks’ stores and,
,,,,of 52 systems across its network.
,,11.2,distribution centres.,
,,,Officeworks achieved its 100 per cent,
Baseline,2023,"2024
2025",renewable electricity target on 1 January 2025.,
2018,,,,

=== Table 11 (page 14) ===
,Wesfarmers’ value chain (Scope 3) emissions reflect the Group’s size and diverse sectors,
and value chains.,,
The Group’s Scope 31 emissions arise from,The Group’s Scope 3 emissions are,Category 4 — Upstream transportation
"a wide range of activities across suppliers,",concentrated in four categories and those,and distribution includes emissions that
products and geographies. These,categories account for over 94.7 per cent,principally arise from the transportation
emissions are outside the Group’s direct,of total Scope 3 emissions. Category 1,and distribution of products from suppliers
control and reflect the Scope 1 and Scope,"and Category 11 are the most material,",using ocean and road freight purchased
2 emissions of upstream and downstream,representing 89.7 per cent of total Scope 3,by the Group.
"suppliers, customers and team members.","emissions, with Category 4 and Category",
,,Category 11 — Use of sold products
The sources of these emissions are,12 representing five per cent.,
,,includes emissions generated when
complex and we have continued to mature,,
,,customers use the products sold by our
our approach to calculating our Scope 3,Category 1 — Purchased goods and,
,,"businesses, such as electricity in appliances"
emissions inventory.,services is the Group’s largest category of,
,,and the combustion of fuels in equipment
,Scope 3 emissions. These arise from the,
"In 2025, the Group’s total Scope 3",‘cradle-to-gate’ emissions of products sold,or the application of fertilisers.
"emissions were 30.5 MtCO2e, with the","and include the extraction, processing and",
,,These emissions are influenced by product
"majority attributed to Bunnings Group,",production of key raw materials.,
,,design and the emissions intensity of the
Kmart Group and WesCEF. The Group’s,,
,Significant emission sources in this,electricity grids in which the products
Scope 3 emissions reflect the high volume,,
,category arise from the production of,are used.
of goods sold and the emissions intensity,,
,"plastics, aluminium, textiles, ammonia and",
of key raw materials and inputs in certain,,
,,Category 12 — End-of-life treatment of
,"nitrogen-based fertilisers, which are raw",
goods. It also includes the emissions,,
,,sold products includes emissions that are
,materials for the products sold across,
associated with customer use of products.,,
,the divisions.,released when products are disposed at
,,the end of life (such as waste disposal
,,"in landfills, recycling or reprocessing)."
Group Scope 3 emissions by division and category,,

=== Table 12 (page 15) ===
Where emissions occur in the value chain
Most Category 1 emissions do not arise from Tier 1 (direct) suppliers but occur further upstream in the supply chain and relate to raw
material production. Only 10 per cent of Category 1 emissions are estimated to be attributable to the energy and technology choices
"made by our Tier 1 suppliers, with the remaining emissions sitting within indirect suppliers (Tier 2 or beyond)."
"Analysis of Bunnings Group, Kmart Group and WesCEF’s Scope 3 emissions estimates that 74 per cent of Category 1 emissions are"
"concentrated in five emissions-intensive inputs: textiles, plastic, aluminium, steel and ammonia (including nitrogen-based chemicals)."
These materials are considered hard to abate due to a lack of commercially viable low-emissions alternatives available at scale. These
emissions occur further up the supply chain and therefore opportunities to influence and engage are limited and often complex.
Breakdown of Category 1 emissions by significant input materials:

=== Table 13 (page 15) ===
"decarbonises. Over time, additional benefits may arise from opportunities in product design and to support more energy-efficient use",,
of products.,,
Progress and focus areas,,
,While Scope 3 emissions across complex value chains remain challenging to address and will require sustained collaboration,
,"and partnerships across industries, the Group continues to focus on three core areas.",
Data,Suppliers,Customers
Calculating Scope 3 emissions requires,Category 1 emissions are the largest,Reducing downstream emissions from
"a blend of spend-, activity-, supplier-",source of Scope 3 emissions. Bunnings,Category 11 and Category 12 requires
and lifecycle-based approaches.,"Group, Kmart Group and WesCEF",improved product design and customer
,continue to engage with key suppliers,engagement.
The divisions have continued to refine,,
,to understand their emissions profiles,
"their approach, improving the resolution",,Some divisions continue to support
,and to identify emissions reduction,
and specificity to support decision-,,"end-of-life programs, including"
,opportunities.,
making and enable future impact,,take-back and recycling programs.
measurement.,,

=== Table 14 (page 15) ===
,opportunities.,
making and enable future impact,,take-back and recycling programs.
measurement.,,
Bunnings Group continued to contribute,to encourage adoption of energy-efficient,"In addition, Kmart Group developed raw"
to sector-wide programs through its,practices and technologies. It is expanding,material transition opportunities in
participation in the ‘Make It Zero’,product ranges to include low-emissions,collaboration with its merchandise and
"Taskforce, which is jointly run by the",technologies to allow customers to,sourcing teams to support product-level
European DIY Retail Association and,"transition to such technologies, including",emissions reductions over time.
the Global Home Improvement Network.,"in EV charging, solar photovoltaic",
,,WesCEF continued to engage with key
The DIY sector-led initiative is focused,and battery installation.,
,,suppliers and identified that while many
on supporting the sector in tackling key,,
,"This year, Kmart Group worked with","have emissions reduction targets, progress"
"challenges with Scope 3 emissions,",,
,suppliers to expand data collection to,remains constrained by practical and
"including uplifting supplier engagement,",,
,include product material and design.,commercial challenges. Decarbonisation
data quality and facilitating emissions,,
,"Using this data, Kmart Group advanced",of purchased ammonia mirrors WesCEF’s
reductions. Bunnings Group invited its,,
,its Scope 3 emissions calculation,"own abatement levers, such as low-"
top 100 suppliers (by expenditure and,,
,"methods, by refreshing its product lifecycle",emissions ammonia becoming
emissions) to participate in Scope 3,,
,assessments. The improved data quality,commercially viable at scale and
training created by the Taskforce.,,
,will support more precise emissions,affordability of low-emissions fuels.
Bunnings Group is exploring new,calculations and estimation of the,
customer education initiatives,effectiveness and impact of initiatives.,