=== Page 2 ===
Responsible environmental stewardship 42
Environmental management  43
Water stewardship  44
Biodiversity and land use 45
Waste and recycling 46
Rehabilitation and closure 47
Tailings storage facilities 49
Supporting our communities 50
Communities 51
Indigenous peoples 55
Responsible business conduct 58
Business conduct 59
Responsible supply chain 60
Privacy and cybersecurity 60
Tax transparency 61
Data and assurance 63
Data 64
Independent Limited  
Assurance Statement 67Contents
Overview  3
Managing Director and CEO’s message 3
Our business 6
2025 sustainability performance highlights 7
Our approach to sustainability 9
Material topics 10
About our reporting 11
Sustainability governance 12
Safe, inclusive and rewarding workplaces 14
Health, safety and wellbeing 15
Talent attraction, development, management and retention 19
 
Supporting a responsible transition and decarbonisation 24
Strategy 25
Target 31
Emissions 32
Decarbonisation 33
Climate-related risks and opportunities 36
Climate resilience 38

=== Page 4 ===
Overview 4
We supply metallurgical coal for blast furnace 
steelmaking, helping to support global renewable energy 
infrastructure, economic development, and energy 
security. We also produce among the highest quality 
seaborne thermal coal, which delivers superior efficiency 
and lower emissions intensity than lower-quality coals in 
like-for-like power stations.
As a responsible operator, we are committed to balancing 
the critical role of coal with the need for emissions 
reduction efforts. We continue to set a Scope 1 greenhouse 
gas emissions intensity reduction target aligned with our 
obligations under the reformed Safeguard Mechanism 
scheme, which supports Australia’s national climate targets 
and aligns with the goals of the Paris Agreement. This target 
seeks to reduce the Scope 1 emissions intensity of our 
Blackwater, Daunia, Narrabri and Maules Creek mines. 
At the Maules Creek Mine, we recently completed a trial 
of renewable diesel and we will continue to work with fuel 
suppliers to assess the availability and affordability of 
alternative fuels. 
There has been increasing investment in carbon capture, 
utilisation and storage (CCUS) technology in China, 
with the development of three major projects by China 
Energy and China Huaneng. CCUS is recognised by the 
International Energy Agency as a key technology to achieve 
Net Zero. Through our association with Low Emission 
Technology Australia or LETA, we advocate and provide 
funding for greater investment in emissions abatement 
technologies, including carbon capture and storage. 
We are also taking sensible steps to reduce our Scope 2 
emissions footprint. Through the purchase of Climate 
Active certified carbon-neutral electricity 100% of our 
Scope 2 emissions in New South Wales are considered 
zero emissions. 
We also progressed the development of our solar farm at 
the Narrabri Mine, which is our most electricity-intensive 
asset in New South Wales, with the submission of our 
Environmental Impact Statement during the reporting 
period. The solar farm offers prospects to generate 
carbon free electricity for this asset. While we continue to explore the prospect of various 
decarbonisation initiatives, we expect to rely on carbon 
credits to meet our Safeguard Mechanism obligations 
in the near term, as many site-based projects are not 
yet technically or commercially feasible due to slow 
technological progress.
FY25 operational performance highlights
FY25 represents our first full year of ownership of the 
Blackwater and Daunia mines. This is reflected in our  
run-of-mine (ROM) managed production of 39.1Mt, 
which is up from 24.5Mt in FY24. In parallel, our 
New South Wales operations performed well overall. 
We are managing well through the current softer coal 
price environment. Our focus on cost management 
is reflected in our A$139/t cost of coal for FY25, 
which was better than our cost guidance of A$140 
to $155/t cost for the year.
The increased scale and diversification provided by 
our Queensland mines helps de-risk our business and 
positions us to deliver sustained value for our customers, 
communities, investors and other stakeholders. 
People
We want our people to go above and beyond to drive 
excellence in safe operations, environmental performance 
and project delivery. 
We know our people are our most important asset and 
their safety is our top priority. We believe everyone should 
expect to go home safely every day. 
This philosophy is reflected in the long-term improvement 
in safety performance across our expanded business. 
We recorded an employee and contractor total recordable 
injury frequency rate (TRIFR) of 4.6, which is below the 
five-year average of 5.1 for the consolidated Queensland 
and New South Wales operations since 2021, and as 
always we remain focused on improvement of our safety 
practices as we strive for even stronger outcomes.Managing Director and CEO’s message continued
We recognise that an engaged and high-performing 
workforce is essential for the success and growth of 
our business. Feedback from our workforce highlighted 
our strong sense of teamwork and the pride and purpose 
our people feel as coal miners contributing to both their 
local communities and the global economy. 
We believe in providing equal opportunities for everyone 
and we are committed to a culture where opportunities 
are earned. Alongside this focus, our goal has been 
to grow female representation. This year, female 
representation across all our operations was 21.7% 
and women held 24.1% of leadership roles. 
We also continue to see a high level of employees 
identifying as Indigenous Australians, with 10.4% across 
the business, and higher proportions at Maules Creek 
and Vickery.

=== Page 5 ===
Overview 5
Environment
We maintained a disciplined approach to environmental 
compliance in FY25, with a focus on driving improvement 
in our environmental management practices. Notably, 
we reported zero environmental enforcement actions for 
the third consecutive year.1 I thank all those involved in 
achieving this outcome. 
During the year, we enhanced our environmental 
standards, strengthened assurance programs, and 
improved environmental event reporting. We also 
integrated environmental systems, processes and 
reporting, including incorporation of emissions data from 
the Blackwater and Daunia mines into Whitehaven’s 
centralised emissions accounting system.
Communities
We recognise the important role mining plays in 
supporting regional communities across Australia, and we 
take pride in contributing to their long-term prosperity by 
delivering benefits well beyond our workforce. 
Through building stronger communities we are helping 
to create a positive and lasting legacy that will benefit 
current and future generations.
We actively support our local communities by creating jobs, 
prioritising local hiring, partnering with regional suppliers, 
and investing directly in community organisations. 
In FY25, we contributed more than $2.0 billion to 
regional communities in North West New South Wales 
and Queensland through procurement, employee wages 
and salaries, and community partnerships and donations.
We also work closely with Traditional Owners to empower 
local Indigenous communities and help to create stronger 
families and futures for Indigenous people in the areas 
around our operations and beyond.Since 2016, Whitehaven has been a national partner of 
the Clontarf Foundation, which provides support for 
Indigenous boys and young men. This year, we were 
proud to support Gunnedah High School in establishing 
the Stars Foundation mentoring program. The program 
supports Indigenous girls and young women to remain 
engaged in school, complete Year 12 and transition to 
further education or employment. 
Conclusion 
It’s been an important year for Whitehaven as we 
progressed our strategy of pivoting towards metallurgical 
coal while building a more resilient business for the 
benefit of all stakeholders. 
We remain optimistic about our continuing role in 
driving world progress and supporting the transition 
to a lower-carbon future in our customer countries. 
Of course, this would not be possible without the 
efforts of a dedicated and capable team. I sincerely 
thank our people for their commitment and 
determination in what is a unique and sometimes 
challenging external environment. 
I also thank our shareholders for their support and trust 
in Whitehaven. We look forward to continuing to build a 
stronger and more resilient business. 
Paul Flynn  
Managing Director and CEOManaging Director and CEO’s message continued
1. Environmental enforcement actions include penalty infringement notices, 
enforceable undertakings, suspensions, prevention notices and prosecutions.

=== Page 6 ===
NEW SOUTH 
WALESNarrabri
BoggabriGunnedah CHPP
NewcastleSydneyTamworth
Gunnedah BasinBowen Basin
Maules Creek Mine
Tarrawonga Mine Narrabri 
Underground 
Mine
(PWCS and NCIG Coal 
Terminals)QUEENSLANDPort of Gladstone
RG Tanna Coal TerminalRockhamptonMoranbahMackay
Port of Hay Point
Dalrymple Bay Terminal
Winchester South ProjectDaunia Mine
Blackwater Mine
Vickery Mine1
Gunnedah
Projects
Current operations
RailBrisbaneOverview 6
1. Early mining of Vickery commenced in late FY24.  
Full-scale mining of Vickery is a fully approved development project. 
2. On an equity basis excluding unallocated revenue (i.e. excluding third-party purchases). 
3. Managed sales including third-party purchases.
4. Other coal destinations include Indonesia, Brazil, Thailand, Argentina 
 and Australia.  
5. Department of Industry, Science and Resources,  
Resources and Energy Quarterly, June 2025.We operate five open cut coal mines and 
one underground mine in the Qld Bowen 
Basin and NSW Gunnedah Basin.Whitehaven is a leading producer of Australian metallurgical 
coal and high-quality, high–calorific value (high CV) thermal 
coal. Our metallurgical (steelmaking) and thermal coal products 
are exported predominantly to Asia. Our business
On a revenue basis, our portfolio is 
weighted towards metallurgical coal 
for steelmaking  
 We supply established and emerging 
countries in Asia that are exposed to 
longer-term structural supply shortfalls
We have a workforce of 6,444 mostly 
working in regional Qld and NSW We play an important role supporting 
economic development and energy 
security in our customer countries64% Metallurgical
36% Thermal
64% Metallurgical
36% Thermal
FY25 REVENUE BY PRODUCT2
49% Japan
5% Europe7% Malaysia11% India
5% Taiwan
4% Vietnam
3% Other49% China
7% Korea
49% Japan
5% Europe7% Malaysia11% India
5% Taiwan
4% Vietnam
3% Other49% China
7% Korea
FY25 MANAGED SALES BY  
END MARKET, TONNES3
56% Qld
44% NSW
56% Qld
44% NSW
FY25 EMPLOYEES & CONTRACTORSOur steelmaking coal supports industrial 
development in mature and developing Asian 
countries, including by meeting steel demand 
to build critical infrastructure and renewable 
energy components. 
Our high CV thermal coal is supporting energy 
security through the decades-long energy transition 
and offering lower CO2 emissions outcomes than 
alternative, lower CV products.
Coal remains one of Australia’s key exports. Thermal 
and metallurgical coal earnings are expected to total 
around $68 billion in 2025/26.5Key
ProjectsCurrent operations
RailwayCorporate offices

=== Page 8 ===
Overview 8
14.2% land disturbed 
for mining in NSW and Qld25.1% managed 
for biodiversity50.4% leased 
for agriculture
10.3% land associated 
with operations but 
not disturbed 
2025 sustainability performance highlights continued
Maintained responsible 
environmental stewardship 
 Zero environmental enforcement action (EEA)
events reported for the third consecutive year¹ 
 17.1% of water used was recycled water 
 336 ha of land rehabilitated in NSW and Qld
 5:1 ratio of land managed for biodiversity 
compared with land disturbed for 
mining operations²
 8,375 ha of cumulative revegetation completed 
since 2018 across land managed for biodiversity
 71,271 ha of land leased to local farmers for 
agricultural activities Continued to support a responsible transition 
and decarbonisation 
 Whitehaven’s coal allows ultra-supercritical 
(USC) power plants in Asia to deliver ~27% lower 
emissions than typical sub-critical power plants 
in Asia using lower-quality coal
 FY30 Scope 1 emissions intensity reduction 
target of 32% compared with FY23
 100% of Scope 2 emissions in NSW considered 
zero emissions (carbon neutral) through 
purchasing of Climate Active certified carbon- 
neutral electricityGenerated solid returns and delivered value 
for shareholders 
 Revenue of $5.8b
 Underlying earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortisation of $1.4b
 Underlying net profit after tax of $319m, before 
$330m of (post-tax) non-recurring gains5
 Fully franked FY25 dividend of  
15 cents per share (cps) (6 cps final + 9 cps 
interim)
 In FY25, returned $176m of capital to 
shareholders through dividends and $23m 
through the share buy-back 
REVENUE ($m)UNDERLYING  
EBITDA ($m)In FY25, Whitehaven …
5. Includes significant items and other adjustments to underlying results 
(post-tax) associated with the acquisition, including gains on sale of 30% 
of Blackwater and remeasurement of the contingent payment to BMA, an 
unwinding of the discount of the deferred and contingent considerations, 
transaction and transition costs, and unrealised FX losses.4. Data may not add due to rounding. 1. EEA events include penalty infringement notices, enforceable 
undertakings, suspensions, prevention notices and prosecutions. 
2. Excludes Blackwater Mine, as it does not require approved 
biodiversity offset area. 
3. Whitehaven-controlled land (owned or leased).49% Fugitive emissions51% Diesel consumption
0.2% Other minor 
 emission sources SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS BY SOURCE4LAND USE3
49% Fugitive emissions51% Diesel consumption
0.2% Other minor 
 emission sources1,958 kt 
CO2-e
NSWQld 
UnallocatedFY243,824
FY255,832
NSWQld 
UnallocatedFY243,824
FY255,832
NSWQld 
UnallocatedFY243,824
FY255,832
NSWQld 
UnallocatedFY243,824
FY255,832
NSWQLD 
Unallocated
1,399
FY24 FY251,355
14.2% land disturbed 
for mining in NSW and  Qld25.1% managed 
for biodiversity50.4% leased 
for agriculture
10.3% land associated 
with operations but 
not disturbed 
 141,430 ha