=== Page 3 ===
2  
C1. Introduction  
(1.1) In which language are you submitting your response?  
Select from:  
☑ English  
(1.2) Select the currency used for all financial information disclosed throughout your response.  
Select from:  
☑ AUD  
(1.3) Provide an overview and introduction to your organization.  
(1.3.2) Organization type  
Select from:  
☑ Publicly traded organization  
(1.3.3) Description of organization  
We’re a global, Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) listed company, headquartered in Australia. We're a recognized leader in  consulting, engineering and project 
delivery for the energy, chemicals, and resources sectors. We partner with customers to design , build and maintain critical assets across their full life cycle. Our 
expertise across traditional, transitional and sustainable markets positions us at the forefront of change in industries that  shape the world. Decarbonization of 
industrial processes an d value chains continues to be important for most of our customers, with 80% of our top 20 customers by revenue having set a net zero Scope 
1 and Scope 2 target by 2050 or earlier.  
[Fixed row]  
 
(1.4) State the end date of the year for which you are reporting data. For emissions data, indicate whether you will be 
providing emissions data for past reporting years.

=== Page 31 ===
30 (1.24.2) Value chain stages covered in mapping  
Select all that apply  
☑ Upstream value chain  
☑ Downstream value chain  
(1.24.3) Highest supplier tier mapped  
Select from:  
☑ Tier 1 suppliers  
(1.24.4) Highest supplier tier known but not mapped  
Select from:  
☑ Tier 2 suppliers  
(1.24.6) Smallholder inclusion in mapping  
Select from:  
☑ Smallholders not relevant, and not included  
(1.24.7) Description of mapping process and coverage  
Our value chain includes the activities upstream and downstream of our business. We source materials and equipment from local  and international suppliers. This 
includes the procurement of day -to-day materials, long term assets and complex services, involvi ng logistics, contracting and modular construction projects. We serve 
customers from industries ranging from chemicals and fuels to conventional energy, lower carbon energy and mining and resourc es. In our assessment of climate -
related risks and opportunit ies, we consider how impacts to our value chain can affect different parts of our business. This helps us identify where clim ate-related 
risks may influence value creation through our operations, supply chains and customer needs, and where opportunities ex ist to strengthen our strategic position. This 
perspective is integrated in our scenario planning and enterprise risk processes, enabling more informed decision making. We also collect data from across our value 
chain to disclose our Scope 3 greenhouse gas  (GHG) emissions. We’re committed to improving the accuracy of these metrics as data and technology allow.  
[Fixed row]  
 
(1.24.1) Have you mapped where in your direct operations or elsewhere in your value chain plastics are produced, 
commercialized, used, and/or disposed of?

=== Page 82 ===
81 (4.3.1.6) Please explain  
The Executive Group Director, Sustainability (Chief Sustainability Officer) reports to the CEO and has responsibility for ESG  performance. This includes climate and 
nature related input into the Group's strategy, developing plans and targets, and managing disclosures. The CSO is also responsible for monitoring climate and 
nature related risks and opportunities and assessing future trends. The CSO's team works closely with other functions, such a s Finance, Strategy, Enterprise Risk 
and Supply Chain in fulfil ling these responsibilities.  
[Add row]  
 
(4.5) Do you provide monetary incentives for the management of environmental issues, including the attainment of 
targets?  
Climate change  
(4.5.1) Provision of monetary incentives related to this environmental issue  
Select from:  
☑ Yes 
(4.5.2) % of total C -suite and board -level monetary incentives linked to the management of this environmental issue  
6 
(4.5.3) Please explain  
Worley's short term incentive (STI) framework applies to executives and senior leaders. STI accounts for approximately 30% of  remuneration of our Group 
Executives, of which ESG measures account for 20% and include Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, safety,  and diversity and inclusion. The 6% noted is 20% as 
ESG measure of 30% of total REM.  
Forests  
(4.5.1) Provision of monetary incentives related to this environmental issue  
Select from:  
☑ No, and we do not plan to introduce them in the next two years

=== Page 84 ===
83 (4.5.1.3) Performance metrics  
Targets  
☑ Reduction in absolute emissions in line with net -zero target  
 
(4.5.1.4) Incentive plan the incentives are linked to  
Select from:  
☑ Short -Term Incentive Plan, or equivalent, only (e.g. contractual annual bonus)  
(4.5.1.5) Further details of incentives  
Cash incentive based on performance against short term incentive (STI) scorecard. ESG measures account for 20% of the STI sco recard and include Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions, safety, and diversity and inclusion. We also have a deferred equity plan of p erformance rights where the measure is based on the 
percentage of sustainability -related revenue. This is approximately 20% of each executive's total compensation.  
(4.5.1.6) How the position’s incentives contribute to the achievement of your environmental commitments and/or climate 
transition plan  
Worley's target of net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions is central to our climate transition action plan. Our short ter m incentive is used to motivate and 
reward strong performance. The incentive provides guidance to our Group Executive on the reduct ion in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions to be achieved for the 
year, in line with our net zero roadmap.  
Climate change  
(4.5.1.1) Position entitled to monetary incentive  
Senior -mid management  
☑ Management group  
 
(4.5.1.2) Incentives  
Select all that apply

=== Page 85 ===
84 ☑ Bonus - % of salary  
(4.5.1.3) Performance metrics  
Targets  
☑ Reduction in absolute emissions in line with net -zero target  
 
(4.5.1.4) Incentive plan the incentives are linked to  
Select from:  
☑ Short -Term Incentive Plan, or equivalent, only (e.g. contractual annual bonus)  
(4.5.1.5) Further details of incentives  
Cash incentive based on performance against short term incentive (STI) scorecard. ESG measures account for 20% of the STI sco recard and include Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions, safety, and diversity and inclusion.  
(4.5.1.6) How the position’s incentives contribute to the achievement of your environmental commitments and/or climate 
transition plan  
Worley's target of net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions is central to our climate transition action plan. Our short ter m incentive is used to motivate and 
reward strong performance. The incentive provides guidance to our Senior Leaders on the reducti on in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions to be achieved for the 
year, in line with our net zero roadmap.  
[Add row]  
 
(4.6) Does your organization have an environmental policy that addresses environmental issues?

=== Page 105 ===
104 Select from:  
☑ No, and we do not plan to add an explicit commitment within the next two years  
(5.2.6) Explain why your organization does not explicitly commit to cease all spending on and revenue 
generation from activities that contribute to fossil fuel expansion   
Fundamental global changes in energy security, affordability, and sustainability are transforming how our customers invest, o perate, and grow. At the same time, 
decarbonization, digital transformation, and evolving policy landscapes are reshaping industry priorities. Our strategy positions us to lead through this change, helping 
our customers navigate complexity while unlocking growth opportunities for our business. Our strategic framework focuses on d elivering safe, timely, and cost -
effective solutions acr oss the full project life cycle – from consulting and engineering to procurement and construction. By aligning our capabilities with customer goals 
and market dynamics, we’re improving efficiency, strengthening project performance, and supporting the long -term value and sustainability of our customers’ assets. 
Our diversification across geographies, sectors and services strengthens our ability to adapt and deliver. This creates long -term value for all of our stakeholders. 
We’re delivering the critical infra structure needed to meet today’s demand for energy, chemicals, and resources – while helping to shape a more sustainable and 
resilient future.  
(5.2.7) Mechanism by which feedback is collected from shareholders on your climate transition plan   
Select from:  
☑ We have a different feedback mechanism in place    
(5.2.8) Description of feedback mechanism   
We have a suite of mechanisms integrated into our Annual Reporting (Annual Report and Climate Change Report) by which we comm unicate our transition plan. This 
includes: - Our purpose and ambition - Our Climate Change Position Statement including our Scope 1, 2 and 3 net -zero commitments - Our investment in organic 
growth including carbon capture and storage, low carbon hydrogen, battery materials and low carbon fuels. - Our aspiration to derive 75% of our revenue from 
sustainability -related work by 2026 - Our short -term incentive plan for our senior leaders. We present our ESG performance at our half year and full year results as 
well as our Investor Days each year. Our ESG performance includes our performance against our Scope 1 and 2 Net Zero Roadmap as we ll as the work we are 
doing to support our customers. We also seek feedback from investors and proxy advisors during regular one -to-one meetings.  
(5.2.9) Frequency of feedback collection   
Select from:  
☑ More frequently than annually  
(5.2.10) Description of key assumptions and dependencies on which the transition plan relies

=== Page 106 ===
105 Our aspiration to derive 75% of our revenue from sustainability -related work by 2026 is dependent on market conditions. Achieving our net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 
target has several uncertainties, including the ability to procure zero -emissions electricity , heating and cooling, the accessibility of zero -emission vehicles and 
charging infrastructure, and the ability to source high -quality accredited carbon credits for our residual emissions. We are managing these uncertainties by monitoring 
and choosing full y renewable energy procurement options, fully electrified buildings and electric vehicles in the countries we operate in. Whe re available, we work 
closely with local teams to implement these initiatives. We expect that sourcing these options will become mo re accessible as we get closer to 2030, however, it is 
likely we will not be able to remove all of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. We plan to offset these residual emissions usi ng high quality carbon credits to achieve 
net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 emiss ions by 2030.  
(5.2.11) Description of progress against transition plan disclosed in current or previous reporting period  
In FY2025, our sustainability -related aggregated revenue was $7.3 billion up from $6.04 billion at 30 June 2024. In FY2024 we completed our initial $100m s trategic 
investment in organic growth, including carbon capture and storage, lower carbon hydrogen, b attery materials and lower carbon fuels. We have extended this 
investment by deploying around $30m in FY2025 on similar investments because accretive opportunities continue to be available  for further growth. We're on track to 
meet our Scope 1 & Scope 2 ne t zero targets, reducing our emissions by 19% from FY24 and by 73% from our FY2020 baseline.  
(5.2.12) Attach any relevant documents which detail your climate transition plan (optional)   
wor-climate -change -report -2025.pdf  
(5.2.13) Other environmental issues that your climate transition plan considers   
Select all that apply  
☑ Biodiversity   
(5.2.14) Explain how the other environmental issues are considered in your climate transition plan  
In our climate change position statement, we have committed to develop a plan to support biodiversity and nature positivity i n our project work. Our nature roadmap 
was developed in FY2023 and was guided by the Kunming -Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework  (GBF). It acknowledges the relationship of our business with 
nature and recognizes that we can affect outcomes for nature in the energy, chemicals and resources sectors through our engin eering delivery systems.  
[Fixed row]  
 
(5.3) Have environmental risks and opportunities affected your strategy and/or financial planning?  
(5.3.1) Environmental risks and/or opportunities have affected your strategy and/or financial planning  
Select from: