=== Page 4 ===
A better 
tomorrow
In our first year together as CEO and CSO, we’ve had the unique opportunity 
of closing a five-year chapter for Woolworths Group. Looking back on our 
2025  Sustainability Plan, it’s clear this journey has been about more than 
just meeting goals; it has enabled us to live our purpose of creating a better 
tomorrow  by weaving sustainability into our business.
This perspective is shaped by our combined experience. Being with Woolworths Group 
for over two decades and now as CEO, watching from the inside as sustainability 
matured from smaller initiatives into a core strategic driver. It is also a view shaped 
by experiencing Woolworths from the outside, now as CSO, seeing first-hand how 
genuine partnership turns ambitious goals into shared progress on the ground.Message from the CEO and CSO4
We are proud that this commitment has translated into tangible impact, delivering an estimated over $2.6 billion in 
net societal benefit through initiatives addressing hunger, food waste, healthier choices, decarbonisation, packaging 
and human rights. At the heart of this work is our team, who embody our purpose daily, together with our partners 
and suppliers. We know our customers, team, suppliers, and shareholders look to us to deliver positive change, 
and we recognise our responsibility to continue to do things better. 
We’ve focused on creating a workplace where everyone belongs, maintaining near gender pay parity 
for like-for -like roles since 2016. While we’re proud to be recognised as an Employer of Choice for 
Gender Equity for three consecutive years, we know we have more work to do, particularly in supporting 
and retaining our Indigenous team members. Safety and the wellbeing of our team is critical to us, 
and we’re partnering with industry addressing acts of violence and aggression to make our workplaces 
safer for everyone. Over the past five years, we’ve directly invested more than $480 million into 
community programs and helped provide over 165 million meals to Australians in need. On modern slavery, 
external  experts ranked us as the #1 retailer in the 2023 Corporate Human Rights Benchmark, reflecting our 
commitment to working with suppliers to identify and mitigate modern slavery risks in our supply chain.
We’ve made our own brand products healthier, removing more than 2,100 tonnes of salt, sugar, and saturated 
fat from shopping baskets. Responding to significant customer concerns about packaging, we’ve removed 
over 20,000 tonnes of virgin plastic from our packaging since 2018. While progress isn’t always straightforward 
– the  2023 collapse of the national soft plastics recycling scheme was a significant setback – we actively 
led efforts to rebuild it, resulting in the reintroduction of soft plastics recycling in over 500 Woolworths 
Supermarkets across Australia. We’ve maintained our focus on the complex issues involved in improving animal 
welfare practices across our supply chain, through continued partnership with industry, government, and NGOs.As a food and everyday needs retailer, we witness first hand the climate change risks, including disruptions 
to our supply chains, product availability, and affordability. We are committed to aligning with a 1.5°C future, 
having reduced our direct emissions by 22.9% from our F23 baseline, with a pathway to 100% renewable 
electricity by 2025 and 75 electric vehicles in our fleet. Tackling our supply chain emissions remains a 
complex challenge, requiring close collaboration with suppliers to understand the interconnectedness 
of our climate and nature impacts, as this requires collective action. We’re also addressing food waste, 
diverting 84% from landfill this year, with organic waste recycling in over 1,000 of our stores.Better for our people
Better for our planet
Better products
The past five years of achievements and challenges have provided invaluable lessons in focus, flexibility, and partnership. 
These insights form the foundation of our new strategy, ‘Impact that Matters for a Better Tomorrow,’ launching in F26. 
This strategy will concentrate our efforts on climate and nature, waste and circularity, health and nutrition, social impact 
and human rights – areas where we can achieve the most significant impact. 
We are energised by this progress and are optimistic about our capacity to drive lasting positive change while building 
a stronger, more resilient business for all our stakeholders. We are genuinely excited to share this 2025 Sustainability 
Report, marking the close of one chapter and the promising start of the next. 
We believe our best years are ahead as we, together with our team, customers, suppliers, and communities, 
continue  to create better experiences for a better tomorrow.
Amanda Bardwell
Chief Executive OfficerSimon Lowden
Chief Group Public Affairs, 
Communication  and Sustainability OfficerWoolworths Group
Sustainability Report 2025Overview People Planet Product5

=== Page 5 ===
Who we are
Woolworths Group is one of the largest food and everyday needs retailers in Australia 
and New  Zealand. The Group comprises food and everyday needs retail businesses enabled by 
a large and convenient store network, online shopping and complementary services, and retail 
platforms that serve millions of customers weekly supported by over 202,000 team members.
Guided by our purpose – creating better experiences together for a better tomorrow – we aim to deliver long-term, 
sustainable value for all stakeholders. This includes providing the best shopping experiences for our customers, a safe 
and inclusive workplace for our team, mutually beneficial partnerships with our suppliers, support for our communities 
and a positive impact on our planet for future generations to come.
Our reach
1,715
store network
25
distribution  
centres
Store network is inclusive of Woolworths Supermarkets, Metro, BIG W and Petstock locations 
across Australia and New Zealand. Map metrics reflect Woolworths Supermarkets, Metro and 
BIG W locations across Australia and New Zealand. 
WA
127
stores
16,400+
SA & NT
99
stores
12,300+308
stores
37,800+QLD
NSW & ACT
421
stores
66,800+
NZ
184
stores
20,600+TAS
34
stores
5,000+VIC
307
stores
43,300+6
Focusing on sustainable  
value for our stakeholders
As a purpose-led business we maintain ongoing engagement with our stakeholders 
to understand their evolving priorities and recognise that balancing their diverse needs 
and expectations is vital to our success.
Our customers are at the heart of our business. We aim to provide 
them with great value and shopping experiences across their food 
and everyday needs, offering more choice, quality products and 
healthier  options.Our customers
25.7 M
customers served 
on average per week
Our team is core to the Group, powering our entire business. We aim 
to be an employer of choice building a Team 1st culture that prioritises 
safety and wellbeing, supports career growth and celebrates diversity. Our team
 >202 K
team members
Our suppliers and partners are essential to providing the quality 
and value our customers expect. By building strong, collaborative 
and ethical relationships, we enhance our shared value chain 
and achieve mutual success.Our suppliers and partners
 >16,000
suppliers across  
ANZ and beyond
We have the privilege of serving almost every community across 
Australia and New Zealand. Community resilience is key to our 
long -term success so we work with our charity partners to support 
the communities we serve.Our community
 $145.5 M
direct community 
contributions in F25
Our reach enables us to influence change across our value chain 
and we’re committed to protecting and preserving our planet. 
We partner to transition to a lower carbon future, reduce emissions 
and minimise  waste.Our planet
22.9 %
scope 1 and 2 
emissions reduction 
vs F23 base year
Most of the Group’s shareholders are superannuation funds 
and retail investors and include many of our own team members. 
We focus on investing for the future, delivering sustainable growth 
and creating long-term value for investors.Our investors
 >376 K
shareholders
For more information on our stakeholders, see our 2025 Annual ReportWoolworths Group
Sustainability Report 2025Overview People Planet Product7

=== Page 6 ===
Why what we 
do matters
 >165M
meals donated 
to charities from 
our operations
>43M in F25 >145kt
diverted for 
compost  and 
animal  feed
>38kt in F25
 >600 t
sugar removed from 
own brand products 
through reformulation 
>30t in F25 >280 t
salt removed from 
own brand products 
through reformulation 
>13t in F25
 >2,500 GWh
hours of green   
electricity
>700GWh in F25127
new low-GWP 
refrigeration systems
26 in F25
 >20,000 t
virgin plastic 
removed from own 
brand packaging
>3,200t in F25 >270 M
reusable plastic 
crate cycles
>58M in F25
 >$2.1M
in repayments 
to workers in 
our supply chain
>$500k in F25 >1,500
workers to whom 
repayments  
were made
200 in F25  Improved food security and 
connection to social services
  Avoided emissions 
and landfill  costs
  Other (e.g. avoided 
animal  feed costs)
  Decrease in disability 
adjusted life years 2
  Avoided health care 
system  costs
  Avoided emissions
  Avoided new material costs
  Avoided emissions and 
landfill costs
  Avoided marine pollution
  Avoided health costs 
from  plastic use
  Social compliance and 
due diligence audits
  Bespoke interventions to 
address modern slavery risks
  Effective grievance mechanisms
  Partnerships Delivered through
Plastics and packaging
Human 
rights 3DecarbonisationHunger and 
food waste
Healthier choices8
 >$2.1B
net societal benefit
>$585M in F25
 >$125 M
net societal benefit
>$6M in F25
 >$225 M
net societal benefit
>$60M in F25
 >$150 M
net societal benefit
>$20M in F25
 >$2.1M
net societal benefit
>$500k in F25Resulting inWe partner with Oxford Economics Australia to measure the societal impact and value 
generated by our initiatives. 1 Over the five-year duration of the 2025 Plan, this analysis 
demonstrates a cumulative net societal benefit of over $2.6 billion. These initiatives, 
while  our own, also highlight the potential for collective action throughout the value chain.
These figures translate 
the Group’s sustainability 
initiatives into a dollar 
estimate of their tangible 
benefit to society for the 
period of our 2025 Plan 
(F21–F25). 1Together, over five 
years, these have 
delivered over
 >$2.6 B
in net benefit to society
>$675M in F25
   See our Sustainability Data  
Pack  for more information
1  The integrity of this work is supported by 
the expertise of Oxford Economics and 
their use of Australian, New Zealand and 
international peer-reviewed literature, 
published literature and government 
guidelines on these specific areas.
2  Disability adjusted life years (DALYs) for a 
specific cause refer to the sum of years 
of life lost due to premature mortality and 
years of healthy life lost due to disability. 
For this work, DALYs were obtained from 
relevant peer-reviewed studies, and 
adjusted by Oxford Economics to reflect 
the quantum of change (reduction in 
salt and sugar) achieved by Woolworths’ 
reformulation program.
3  While human rights fall outside the scope 
of the Oxford Economics analysis, it is 
a material impact area for the Group. 
Accordingly, we have considered the 
financial value remediated to workers in 
our supply chain as part of our Human 
Rights Program.Woolworths Group
Sustainability Report 2025Overview People Planet Product9

=== Page 7 ===
2020 
– 2021
Setting the 
strategyThe Group launched our 2025 Sustainability Plan (2025 Plan), marking a step-change in 
our approach through 14 goals across People, Planet and Product. To enable execution we 
appointed our first Chief Sustainability Officer , and established accountability for delivery 
directly with the Group Executive Committee.
2022
Driving 
executionWith strategy and governance in place, we operationalised delivery across the entire business: 
Activating a Group-wide transformation program by embedding the 2025 Plan into our 
business priorities, driving delivery across our 14 goals. 
Investing in innovation by leveraging our business units including W360 (waste, water, 
energy, packaging), W23 (venture capital), and Healthylife (health and wellness).
Benchmarking our performance  against leading global and national frameworks 
– including the Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation, Science-based Target Initiative, 
Reconciliation Australia and KnowTheChain – to drive best practice.
2025
Demonstrating 
resilienceOver these five years, our dynamic operating environment presented a non-linear path, 
requiring us to: 
Adapt our approach  to significant economic shifts, technological advancements, 
and evolving regulatory and societal expectations.
Manage disruptions , including leading through the REDcycle collapse, remediating our first 
modern slavery case, addressing heightened scrutiny on greenwashing, and constructively 
engaging with growing activism.
Collaborate with the industry  on joint solutions to shared challenges.2023  
– 2025
Accelerating 
impactWith execution ongoing, we accelerated our impact:
Advocating for policy change by engaging on critical industry issues including 
the Soft  Plastics Taskforce, national plastic regulation, and decarbonisation.
Forging strategic partnerships with OzHarvest, the Climate Leaders Coalition, and the 
Consumer Goods Forum, Healthy Food Partnership to amplify collective environmental 
and social outcomes.
Engaging our suppliers by launching Trade Partner Sustainability Councils to build shared 
capability and drive alignment with our goals within our supply chain.A five-year journey 
towards a better tomorrowOur 2025 Sustainability Plan:
Woolworths Group’s approach to sustainability is anchored in our Group purpose: to create 
better experiences together for a better tomorrow. Since launching a comprehensive strategy 
in 2020, we’ve worked to have a positive impact on our team, customers, communities and planet 
– while  creating long -term value for stakeholders and sustainable growth for our business.
Our journey of maturity
For details on our beyond-2025 approach and future direction, please see page 7810
The Group has made significant progress in the last five years.Reflecting on our progress
1Inclusive workplace
2Holistic wellbeing 
of our team
3Meaningful retail 
careers for today 
and tomorrow
4Ethical and 
mutually beneficial 
partnership
5Positive impact on 
our customers and 
communitiesStatus Progress overview Goal
Advanced gender equity, increasing women in 
senior leadership in Australia to 41.6%, invested 
$44.4  million in upskilling our teams, and were 
ranked #1 globally by KnowTheChain for our Human 
Rights Program. Our direct community contributions 
supported more than 900 community partners 
across Australia and New Zealand. Our focus 
continues on implementing our safety and wellbeing 
strategy and improving Indigenous representation.
>$480 M
direct community 
contribution100+
Mini Woolies across 
Australia and New ZealandPeople
1Powered by green 
electricity
2Reducing hunger
3Net positive 
carbon  emissions
4Responsible 
stewardship of 
natural  resourcesStatus Progress overview Goal
Set a 1.5°C-aligned climate pathway aiming for net 
zero across our value chain by 2050. We’re on track 
to meet our 100% renewable electricity ambition 
by the end of 2025 as we continue to reduce our 
scope 1 & 2 emissions through energy efficiency and 
transport decarbonisation. With scope  3 comprising 
the majority of our emissions, we have more to do to 
navigate the shared challenge of addressing this with 
our partners. We also diverted 84% of food waste from 
landfill donating millions of meals to people in need.
>165M
equivalent 
meals  donated22.9 %
scope 1 and 2 emissions 
reduction relative to base yearPlanet
1Making healthier 
easier
2Our packaging 
is sustainable
3Own brand sourcing 
is sustainable
4Lead the future 
of protein
5Lead the responsible 
retailing of alcohol 
and tobaccoStatus Progress overview Goal
Enabled better products in customers’ baskets, 
removing tonnes of salt, sugar and virgin plastic 
from our own brand products. The F23 soft plastics 
collapse was a key lesson, driving us to re-establish 
recycling in 500+ supermarkets. We provided 
$5.65  million in farmer grants for animal welfare, 
and remain focused on this ongoing partnership to 
strengthen animal welfare across our supply chain. 
>20,000
tonnes of virgin plastic 
packaging removed71.7%
total sales tonnage from 
healthier products in F25Product
Key:   Where we delivered strong results  Where we made progress  Where we have more work to doWoolworths Group
Sustainability Report 2025Overview People Planet Product11