=== Page 6 ===
Waypoints REIT’s key ESG highlights and achievements for 2023  
are summarised in the table below. 
Pillar Focus area 2023 achievement
EnvironmentClimate change  
and energyMaintained full offset of Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected (direct) Scope 3 emissions 
under our direct operational control through the purchase of carbon offsets.1
Reporting and transition 
risk and opportunitiesIntegrated first-pass climate risk assessments into portfolio asset planning.
Further developed our portfolio physical climate risk assessment by grouping assets 
with common characteristics to enable scalable plans to be developed to respond  
to these physical risks.
Completed a gap analysis and forward-looking roadmap to enable Waypoint REIT  
to continue to evolve and prepare for proposed mandatory climate-related  
reporting in Australia.
Completed a high-level assessment of end-of-lease site remediation considerations 
in the context of potential future alternate use.
European study tour undertaken to better understand the long-term implications  
of the energy transition on fuel and convenience retail.
Ongoing involvement in ESG surveys (S&P CSA and Sustainalytics).
SocialOur people Zero employee turnover – stable team of 8 employees.
100% compliance for employee training.
Workplace health,  
safety and environmentNo employee recordable injuries and no environmental infringements  
by Waypoint REIT.2
GovernanceRisk management Implemented additional resilience measures to our technology environment 
based on recommendations suggested by the cybersecurity maturity assessment 
conducted by Deloitte in 2022.
Continued prudent and disciplined approach to capital management evidenced by 
active management of exposure to floating interest rates, with 93% of Waypoint 
REIT’s drawn debt being hedged at 31 December 2023 and early assessment of 
potential refinancing strategies to be executed in 2024 well in advance of debt 
maturities commencing in April 2025.
Ethical conduct  
and transparencyIssued third annual Modern Slavery Statement.
No reportable compliance breaches.
1. Australian Carbon Credit Units purchased and surrendered through Tasman Environmental Markets Australia Pty Ltd (TEM) in January/February 2024.
2. With respect to facilities under Waypoint REIT’s operational control.2023 HIGHLIGHTS
04 Waypoint REIT Limited – Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 8 ===
As a landlord to suppliers of hydrocarbon-derived products, we 
recognise we have a role to play in supporting the transition to 
lower-carbon energies while at the same time facilitating the safe 
and reliable supply of traditional hydrocarbon fuels to motorists.
Disruptions to the supply and demand for traditional fuel, 
alternative fuels and/or convenience retail products, the supply  
and demand for fuel and convenience retail properties, and  
the availability and cost of credit (including sector-specific  
ESG considerations) have a collective impact on Waypoint REIT.
Given the existential nature of such risks, however, we consider 
that these and our tenant’s strategic response should continue  
to be monitored and assessed to best prepare Waypoint REIT  
for the medium to long term.
Waypoint REIT’s property portfolio has a weighted average lease 
expiry of 8.1 years, and most leases have multiple option periods 
in place. This, coupled with 90% (by income) of our leases being 
on triple net terms, provides a secure rental income stream to 
securityholders but moderates our ability to monitor and reduce 
the environmental impact of our sites, as operational control and 
responsibility for a site’s environmental impact largely resides 
with our tenants. Noting our own direct ESG impacts are both 
relatively modest and localised in their scope, Waypoint REIT 
aims to support our tenants to the best of our ability under the 
lease terms in place to minimise the environmental impact of 
their operations on our sites.
Climate change and energy
There are two main types of risks and opportunities that have 
been identified which relate to climate change and are relevant  
to Waypoint REIT:
1. Physical risks from climate change following an acute  
event or more material longer-term shifts in the climate  
that may have financial implications because of damage  
to physical assets, or indirect impacts such as supply chain 
disruption. Financial performance may also be affected  
by climate change impacting Waypoint REIT’s physical  
space, operations, supply chain, transport needs and 
employee safety.
2. Transition risks and opportunities from the move to a  
low-carbon economy may result from government policy, 
legal, technological and market changes. Despite this, 
Waypoint REIT supports the need for action to limit global 
temperature rise to 2°C or less from pre-industrial levels.Physical risk
Over the past two years, to better understand its climate change 
resilience, Waypoint REIT has been conducting climate exposure 
assessments across its geographically diversified portfolio of 
assets. This commenced with a ‘first pass’ assessment in 2022, 
which isolated the specific physical risk factors that posed a 
material risk to Waypoint REIT’s portfolio across several long-
term climate scenarios. In 2023, this was built on with a ‘second 
pass’ assessment, which involved grouping assets with common 
characteristics to enable scalable plans to be developed to 
respond to these physical risks. The results of this work are  
being integrated into strategic asset plans and the ongoing  
active portfolio management strategy of Waypoint REIT.
Both our insurance coverage and maintenance capital 
expenditure programs were deemed adequate following this 
process. While assets with greater exposure to climate hazards 
may experience shorter useful lives, higher maintenance and/or 
insurance costs, these impacts are largely borne by our tenants 
given 90% of leases are triple net.
Transition risk
Waypoint REIT acknowledges the longer-term trends that will 
affect the fuel and convenience sector over time, with the key 
issue identified being the energy transition and the shift from 
traditional fuels to alternate fuels.
According to Australian road vehicle fleet and new car sales 
data (shown on page 7), there are more than 21 million vehicles 
on Australian roads. Traditional fuel sources still dominate, 
representing 97% of the total vehicle fleet. While low or zero 
emissions vehicles as a share of new vehicle sales continue to 
grow (battery electric vehicles ( BEV) and petrol hybrid electric 
vehicles (PHEV ) accounted for approximately 8% of 1.22 million 
new vehicles sales in 2023), these vehicles still account for less 
than 1% of the overall vehicle fleet. 
This data indicates an evolving transition in demand for energy 
and mobility solutions. Waypoint REIT believes it can be best 
positioned to adapt to this transition by maintaining a strong 
portfolio of sites that meets the current requirements of our 
tenants and their customers, while also offering flexibility of use 
to adapt alongside evolving tenant and customer needs over time.ENVIRONMENT
Image: EV chargers Taylors Lakes (VIC)
06 Waypoint REIT Limited – Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 10 ===
ENVIRONMENT  CONTINUED
Strategy Aim Description/comments
Actively 
managing  
our portfolioImprove 
portfolio quality 
and increase 
likelihood of 
lease renewals 
at expiry• Selective acquisitions
• Non-core disposals
• Focus on long-term 
risks/returns (including 
underlying land value)
• Acquisition/disposal 
criteria to be refined over 
time as the sector evolves
• Portfolio diversification 
over time
Supporting  
our operatorsAssist long-
term viability/
success of 
our operators, 
primarily as a 
capital partner• Optimise current offering 
(e.g. site redevelopments)
• Adapt offering over time 
(e.g. reconfiguration for 
addition of alternative 
fuels to site mix)
• Facilitate innovation 
and sustainability (e.g. 
electricity easements for 
EV charging stations)
Prudently 
managing  
capital Capital 
management 
strategy 
consistent 
with portfolio 
strategy• Sustainable gearing levels 
and diversified sources 
and tenor of debt
• Disciplined allocation  
of capital to optimise  
risk-adjusted 
securityholder returnsSupporting our operatorsPrudently m
anaging capitalActively managing our portfolioAdapt offering
over time
Selective
acquisitions Sustainable
gearing
Focus on
terminal
value/risksDiversified
sources
of debtSell 
non-core
assets
Asset 
diversificationDisciplined
allocation
of capitalOptimise current
F&C offeringFacilitate
innovation and
sustainability
Maximise
long-term 
total returns
Tenant initiatives1
Waypoint REIT also acknowledges the sustainability 
commitments and actions of our tenant operator Viva Energy.
In December 2023, Viva Energy entered into a co-funding 
agreement with the NSW Government for the development of  
30 EV charging stations across its Shell-branded network in NSW.
In 2023, Viva Energy announced opt-in Certified Carbon Neutral 
Diesel (certified by Climate Active). Opt-in carbon neutral products 
will be available to Viva Energy’s Shell Card customers in 2024.Viva Energy has a target to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions across its Convenience &  
Mobility and Commercial & Industrial businesses by 2030. 
Viva Energy’s decarbonisation roadmap identifies the  
following initiatives in its Convenience & Mobility business:
• a multi-year rooftop solar PV rollout commencing in 2024;
• canopy LED lighting upgrades during 2024 (expanding  
on upgrades undertaken in 2022); and
• entering into renewable power purchase agreements.Waypoint REIT’s strategy to mitigate transition risk continues to be threefold
Waypoint REIT looks forward to the completion of the On-the-Run acquisition by Viva Energy and the potential opportunities this  
may bring for further portfolio enhancement. In the meantime, Waypoint REIT continues to have a threefold strategy and approach  
to managing transition risk.
1. Source: Viva Energy Australia Annual Report 2023.
08 Waypoint REIT Limited – Sustainability Report 2023

=== Page 11 ===
Energy efficiency
Since 2021, Waypoint REIT has offset its Scope 1, Scope 2 
and Scope 3 (direct) greenhouse gas emissions ( Measured 
Emissions ) through the purchase and surrender of carbon 
offsets. These emissions have been determined by Waypoint REIT  
as most directly related to, and within more direct influence of,  
its business. Further details of the measurement methodologies 
applied for Measured Emissions are contained in the Basis of 
Preparation – Appendix C. Waypoint REIT’s Measured Emissions 
are relatively modest; nonetheless, we remain committed to 
identifying opportunities to reduce these greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions where possible, and to offsetting residual emissions, 
through the acquisition and retirement of carbon offsets.
In 2023, Waypoint REIT’s Measured Emissions were 68.80 tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent (t-CO2-e), a like-for-like increase of 
5.21 t-CO2-e (8%) from the 2022 Measured Emissions (re-stated). 
Details of key change drivers for 2023 GHG emissions include:
• Travel-related emissions increased by 6.78 t-CO2-e (13%) 
compared with 2022. Despite travel activity being lower than 
2022, published emissions factors for air travel increased,  
more than offsetting Waypoint REIT’s decreased activity. 
• Emissions related to waste from operations and upstream 
leased assets increased by 1.56 t-CO2-e (was zero in 2022).  
Waypoint REIT relocated its Sydney offices during 2023.  
The relocation delivered a positive economic benefit to 
Waypoint REIT, however the new premises is not certified 
carbon neutral.
• Emissions from electricity supply at Waypoint REIT’s corporate 
offices decreased by 2.57 t-CO2-e (45%). This was achieved 
by switching to certified carbon neutral electricity agreements 
during the second half of 2023. A full year benefit of this change 
will be seen during 2024.
• Decreased emissions of approximately 0.67 t-CO2-e (9% year-
on-year) from employee commuting (including home working), 
which fell after a reduction in full-time employment in late 2022.2022 re-statement
It is acknowledged that Measured Emissions reported in 
Waypoint REIT’s 2022 Sustainability Report were 18.64 t-CO2-e.  
In this report, 2022 Measured Emissions are re-stated as  
63.59 t-CO2-e.
During the preparation and review of 2023 Measured Emissions, 
there were three key calculation changes to 2022 Measured 
Emissions that were identified:
1. Scope 2 and Scope 3 (category 3) – Fuel and energy related 
emissions (calculation methodology change) – In 2022 
GHG emissions associated with Waypoint REIT’s electricity 
consumption, which are reported using a market-based 
method, were estimated using a calculated residual mix 
factor for each relevant state. The residual mix factor was 
calculated using the Scope 2 and Scope 3 emission factors 
for each relevant state (as set out within the 2022 National 
Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors workbook) which were 
adjusted to account for the estimated amount of renewable 
electricity within the electricity grid using the Renewable Power 
Percentage (set by regulation under the Renewable Energy 
(Electricity) Act 2000). The 2022 GHG emissions have been 
restated to apply a national residual mix factor, rather than 
relevant state based factors, to align with the new market-based 
method details and residual mix factor included within the 2023 
National Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors Workbook. 
2. Scope 3 (category 6) Business Travel – emissions factor 
applied for business travel flights was incorrect. Business travel 
emissions factors have been corrected for 2023 calculations, 
and 2022 emissions re-stated.
3. Scope 3 (category 7) Employee Commuting – a calculation 
error was made in relation to employee commuting statistics 
whereby only one-way travel distances had been used in parts 
of the calculation. 2022 emissions have been re-stated to 
reflect the inclusion of return journeys where required.
To maintain its commitment to offsetting Measured Emissions,  
Waypoint REIT has acquired and surrendered a total of 115 tonnes  
of carbon offsets in January/February 2024 (45 tonnes in 
recognition of the 2022 re-statement and 70 tonnes offsetting 
Waypoint REIT’s 2023 Measured Emissions.
Emissions  
and offsetsWaypoint REIT 
Measured  
Emissions  
 (t-CO2-e)Offsets  
(tonnes) Net
2022 (as reported) 18.64 20.00
2022 restatement 
adjustment 44.95 45.00 (1.41)
2023 68.80 70.00 (1.20)
2022 (restated)/2023 132.39 135.00 (2.61)
Image: Shell Reddy Express Hallam (VIC)
09 Waypoint REIT Limited – Sustainability Report 2023