=== Table 1 (page 6) ===
Waypoints REIT’s key ESG highlights and achievements for 2023,,
are summarised in the table below.,,
Pillar,Focus area,2023 achievement
,Climate change,"Maintained full offset of Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected (direct) Scope 3 emissions"
Environment,,
,and energy,under our direct operational control through the purchase of carbon offsets.1
,Reporting and transition,Integrated first-pass climate risk assessments into portfolio asset planning.
,risk and opportunities,
,,Further developed our portfolio physical climate risk assessment by grouping assets
,,with common characteristics to enable scalable plans to be developed to respond
,,to these physical risks.
,,Completed a gap analysis and forward-looking roadmap to enable Waypoint REIT
,,to continue to evolve and prepare for proposed mandatory climate-related
,,reporting in Australia.
,,Completed a high-level assessment of end-of-lease site remediation considerations
,,in the context of potential future alternate use.
,,European study tour undertaken to better understand the long-term implications
,,of the energy transition on fuel and convenience retail.
,,Ongoing involvement in ESG surveys (S&P CSA and Sustainalytics).
,Our people,Zero employee turnover – stable team of 8 employees.
Social,,
,,100% compliance for employee training.
,"Workplace health,",No employee recordable injuries and no environmental infringements
,safety and environment,by Waypoint REIT.2
,Risk management,Implemented additional resilience measures to our technology environment
Governance,,
,,based on recommendations suggested by the cybersecurity maturity assessment
,,conducted by Deloitte in 2022.
,,Continued prudent and disciplined approach to capital management evidenced by
,,"active management of exposure to floating interest rates, with 93% of Waypoint"
,,REIT’s drawn debt being hedged at 31 December 2023 and early assessment of
,,potential refinancing strategies to be executed in 2024 well in advance of debt
,,maturities commencing in April 2025.
,Ethical conduct,Issued third annual Modern Slavery Statement.
,and transparency,
,,No reportable compliance breaches.

=== Table 2 (page 10) ===
Tenant initiatives1,
Waypoint REIT also acknowledges the sustainability,Viva Energy has a target to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2
commitments and actions of our tenant operator Viva Energy.,greenhouse gas emissions across its Convenience &
,Mobility and Commercial & Industrial businesses by 2030.
"In December 2023, Viva Energy entered into a co-funding",Viva Energy’s decarbonisation roadmap identifies the
agreement with the NSW Government for the development of,following initiatives in its Convenience & Mobility business:
30 EV charging stations across its Shell-branded network in NSW.,
,• a multi-year rooftop solar PV rollout commencing in 2024;
"In 2023, Viva Energy announced opt-in Certified Carbon Neutral",• canopy LED lighting upgrades during 2024 (expanding
Diesel (certified by Climate Active). Opt-in carbon neutral products,on upgrades undertaken in 2022); and
will be available to Viva Energy’s Shell Card customers in 2024.,
,• entering into renewable power purchase agreements.

=== Table 3 (page 11) ===
Energy efficiency,2022 re-statement
"Since 2021, Waypoint REIT has offset its Scope 1, Scope 2",It is acknowledged that Measured Emissions reported in
and Scope 3 (direct) greenhouse gas emissions (Measured,Waypoint REIT’s 2022 Sustainability Report were 18.64 t-CO2-e.
Emissions) through the purchase and surrender of carbon,"In this report, 2022 Measured Emissions are re-stated as"
offsets. These emissions have been determined by Waypoint REIT,63.59 t-CO2-e.
"as most directly related to, and within more direct influence of,",
its business. Further details of the measurement methodologies,"During the preparation and review of 2023 Measured Emissions,"
applied for Measured Emissions are contained in the Basis of,there were three key calculation changes to 2022 Measured
Preparation – Appendix C. Waypoint REIT’s Measured Emissions,Emissions that were identified:
"are relatively modest; nonetheless, we remain committed to",
,1.  Scope 2 and Scope 3 (category 3) – Fuel and energy related
identifying opportunities to reduce these greenhouse gas (GHG),
,emissions (calculation methodology change) – In 2022
"emissions where possible, and to offsetting residual emissions,",
,GHG emissions associated with Waypoint REIT’s electricity
through the acquisition and retirement of carbon offsets.,
,"consumption, which are reported using a market-based"
,"method, were estimated using a calculated residual mix"
"In 2023, Waypoint REIT’s Measured Emissions were 68.80 tonnes",
,factor for each relevant state. The residual mix factor was
"of carbon dioxide equivalent (t-CO2-e), a like-for-like increase of",
,calculated using the Scope 2 and Scope 3 emission factors
5.21 t-CO2-e (8%) from the 2022 Measured Emissions (re-stated).,
,for each relevant state (as set out within the 2022 National
Details of key change drivers for 2023 GHG emissions include:,
,Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors workbook) which were
• Travel-related emissions increased by 6.78 t-CO2-e (13%),adjusted to account for the estimated amount of renewable
compared with 2022. Despite travel activity being lower than,electricity within the electricity grid using the Renewable Power
"2022, published emissions factors for air travel increased,",Percentage (set by regulation under the Renewable Energy
more than offsetting Waypoint REIT’s decreased activity.,(Electricity) Act 2000). The 2022 GHG emissions have been
,"restated to apply a national residual mix factor, rather than"
• Emissions related to waste from operations and upstream,
,"relevant state based factors, to align with the new market-based"
leased assets increased by 1.56 t-CO2-e (was zero in 2022).,
,method details and residual mix factor included within the 2023
Waypoint REIT relocated its Sydney offices during 2023.,
,National Greenhouse Accounts (NGA) Factors Workbook.
The relocation delivered a positive economic benefit to,
"Waypoint REIT, however the new premises is not certified",2.  Scope 3 (category 6) Business Travel – emissions factor
carbon neutral.,applied for business travel flights was incorrect. Business travel
,"emissions factors have been corrected for 2023 calculations,"
• Emissions from electricity supply at Waypoint REIT’s corporate,
,and 2022 emissions re-stated.
offices decreased by 2.57 t-CO2-e (45%). This was achieved,
by switching to certified carbon neutral electricity agreements,3.  Scope 3 (category 7) Employee Commuting – a calculation
during the second half of 2023. A full year benefit of this change,error was made in relation to employee commuting statistics
will be seen during 2024.,whereby only one-way travel distances had been used in parts
,of the calculation. 2022 emissions have been re-stated to
• Decreased emissions of approximately 0.67 t-CO2-e (9% year-,
,reflect the inclusion of return journeys where required.
"on-year) from employee commuting (including home working),",
which fell after a reduction in full-time employment in late 2022.,
,"To maintain its commitment to offsetting Measured Emissions,"
,Waypoint REIT has acquired and surrendered a total of 115 tonnes

=== Table 4 (page 22) ===
Transition risk categories,Transition opportunity categories,Metrics and targets
Policy and legal,Resource efficiency,Waypoint REIT completed a carbon footprint assessment for
,,2023 as part of its ESG strategy. This included our operational
Technology,Energy source,
,,"footprint for Scope 1, 2 and selected (direct) Scope 3 emissions"
Market,Products/services,
,,"categories analysing fuel and energy consumption, waste"
Reputation,Markets,"generated, business travel, employee commuting (including"
,,"working from home), and upstream leased assets emissions."
,Resilience,
,,This carbon footprint represents Waypoint REIT’s view of the
,,"GHG emissions that it has the greatest opportunity to influence,"
,,also referred to in this report as ‘Measured Emissions’.
A total of 41 transition risk factors and 46 opportunity factors,,
were identified across the above categories. These risks were,,
,,"Overall, gross Measured Emissions increased in 2023 as a"
filtered by the likelihood and severity of impact to Waypoint,,
,,result of the net sum of increase related to corporate office
REIT over a five-year period. Risks and opportunities with higher,,
,,"emissions, increased emissions factors/emissions intensity"
likelihood and severity have now been identified and will be,,
,,"on business travel, decreased emissions on office electricity"
prioritised for validation and further future assessment.,,
,,supply and decreased employee commuting/work from
,,home emissions.
Risk management,,
,,After accounting for changes in Waypoint REIT’s Measured
"The ultimate responsibility for overseeing and managing risks,",,
,,Emissions profile (including 2022 re-statement detailed on
"including those related to climate change, rests with the Board.",,
,,"page 9 of this report), Waypoint REIT maintained net Measured"
,,Emissions of zero in 2023 through the purchase and retirement
"Waypoint REIT’s Risk Management Framework is used to identify,",,
,,of Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) through Tasman
"assess, manage, monitor and report key risks. The Board, via the",,
,,Environmental Markets (TEM).
"Management Director and CEO, is responsible for overseeing",,
the establishment and implementation of the framework and,,
,,"Waypoint REIT also acknowledges our major tenant, Viva Energy,"
for approving and monitoring compliance.,,
,,and its target to achieve net zero for its Scope 1 and Scope 2
,,emissions across its Convenience & Mobility (which includes
"Climate change risk is included in the risk register, which is",,
,,assets leased from Waypoint REIT) and Commercial & Industrial
"communicated to the ARMC and the Board. The ARMC, among",,
,,businesses by 20301.
"other things, reviews and recommends updates to Waypoint",,
REIT’s Risk Management Framework and material strategic,,

=== Table 5 (page 23) ===
,,,FY22,
,Units,FY23,(restated),FY22
Our people,,,,
Total employees,#,8,8,8
Total employees in full-time roles,#,4,4,4
Total employees in part-time roles,#,4,4,4
Employee turnover voluntary,%,–,11,11
Employee turnover involuntary,%,–,11,11
Total employees (male/female),%,50/50,50/50,50/50
Executives (male/female),%,75/25,75/25,75/25
Board of Directors (male/female),%,60/40,60/40,60/40
Climate change and energy,,,,
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,,,,
Total Scope 1,tCO2-e,–,–,–
Total Scope 2,tCO2-e,2.84,5.08,5.97
Direct Scope 3,,,,
Category 3: Fuel and energy related emissions,tCO2-e,0.35,0.67,0.49
Category 5: Waste generated in operations,tCO2-e,0.11,–,–
Category 6: Business travel,tCO2-e,57.51,50.73,6.67
Category 7: Employee commuting,tCO2-e,6.43,7.10,5.52
Category 8: Upstream leased assets,tCO2-e,1.56,–,–
Total – Direct Scope 3,tCO2-e,65.96,58.50,12.67
"Total Scope 1, Scope 2 and Direct Scope 3 GHG emissions",tCO2-e,68.80,63.59,18.64
Carbon offsets purchased and surrendered1,tCO2-e,115.00,20.00,20.00

=== Table 6 (page 24) ===
Table 1. Subject Matter Information
Our people (as at 31 December 2023):
Total employees - 8
Total employees in full-time roles - 4
Total employees in part-time roles - 4
Employee turnover (voluntary) % - 0
Total employees (male/female) % - (50/50)
Executives (male/female) % - (75/25)
Board of Directors (male/female) % - (60/40)
Climate change and energy:
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (for the year ended 31 December 2023):
Total Scope 1 - 0 tCO2-e

=== Table 7 (page 24) ===
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (for the year ended 31 December 2023):
Total Scope 1 - 0 tCO2-e
Total Scope 2 - 2.84 tCO2-e
Direct Scope 3
Category 3: Fuel and energy related emissions - 0.35 tCO2-e
Category 5: Waste generated in operations - 0.11 tCO2-e
Category 6: Business travel - 57.51 tCO2-e
Category 7: Employee commuting - 6.43 tCO2-e
Category 8: Upstream leased assets - 1.56 tCO2-e
Carbon offsets (by the date of issuance of this assurance report1):

=== Table 8 (page 28) ===
,• Activity data for emission calculations is actual data where
Environmental metrics,
,"available, supplemented by management estimates, spend"
Reporting boundaries,based consumption data and relevant industry information
,"and/or research, as set out below:"
• GHG emissions reporting boundaries have been established,
"with reference to the WRI/WBCSD, 2004: The Greenhouse Gas",– Scope 1 emissions: Direct emissions generated from
Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. World,"the operation Waypoint facilities, consisting primarily"
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World,of emissions from the combustion of fuels. Total fuel
"Resources Institute and WRI/WBCSD, Corporate Value Chain",consumption at Waypoint facilities is based on third party
"(Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, Supplement to",invoices supplemented by management estimates.
the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard,
,– Scope 2 emissions: Indirect emissions as a result of one
"(together, the GHG Protocol).",
,"or more activities that generate electricity or, where relevant,"
• Scope 1 and 2 emissions are reported for facilities under,"heating, cooling or steam, that is consumed at Waypoint"
operational control of Waypoint REIT (as defined within the,"facilities, where the direct emissions are generated at"
"National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2017) (together,",facilities which are not Waypoint facilities. Scope 2 emissions
the Waypoint facilities).,for Waypoint facilities consist primarily of emissions
,"associated with the consumption of electricity, with the"
• Selected (direct) Scope 3 emissions reported consists of the,
,amount of electricity consumed based on third party invoices
following GHG Protocol categories: Fuel and Energy-related,
,supplemented by management estimates. Scope 2 emissions
"Activities (category 3), Waste Generated in Operations",
,in relation to electricity are reported using market-based
"(category 5), Business Travel (category 6), Employee Commuting",
,method in accordance with Method B – market-based
(including working from home) (category 7) and Upstream,
,method from the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
Leased Assets (category 8).,
,(Measurement) Determination 2008.
• Other (indirect) Scope 3 emissions not reported consist of,
,– Direct Scope 3 emissions: Direct Scope 3 emissions reported
the following GHG Protocol categories: Purchased Goods,
,consists of the following GHG Protocol categories:
"and Services (Category 1), Capital Goods (Category 2),",
"and Downstream leased assets (Category 13), including",a)  Scope 3 emissions: Fuel- and Energy-related Activities
but not limited to fuel and convenience tenants’ electricity,"(category 3) – Emissions associated with the production,"
"consumption, shop refrigerant use and fugitive emissions.",transmission and distribution of fuel and energy
,consumed at Waypoint facilities (where not included as
• All other GHG Protocol Scope 3 emissions categories were,
,a Scope 2 emission). Total fuel and energy consumption
not deemed relevant.,
,at Waypoint facilities is based on third party invoices
,supplemented by management estimates.
Emissions calculations,
,b)  Scope 3 emissions: Waste Generated in Operations
"• Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions are calculated in accordance with",(category 5) – Emissions associated with waste
"the GHG Protocol methodology using available emission factors,","generated by Waypoint facilities. Total waste generated,"
"in order of priority, from the Australian National Greenhouse","including both waste recycled, and waste sent to landfill,"
"Accounts Factors 2023 (Department of Climate Change, Energy,",is based on waste amounts for each Waypoint facility
"the Environment and Water (Fed)) (NGA Factors), UK Government",reported by relevant property managers within the most
GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2023,recent available reporting period for these buildings.
(Department for Energy Security & Net Zero (UK)) (UK Company,
,c)  Scope 3 emissions: Business Travel (category 6) –
Reporting factors) and other industry based methodologies.,
,Emissions associated with business travel of
Emission factors including Well to tank emissions and Radiative,
,"Waypoint REIT employees, consisting of emissions"
factoring have been utilised where applicable where UK Company,
,associated with air and land travel and accommodation.
Reporting factors have been applied.,
,"i) 
Air travel – Emissions are estimated using the total"
• Where buildings in which Waypoint facilities are located,
,distance travelled and class of travel is based on
"are certified as carbon neutral by Climate Active, emission",
,travel data provided by Waypoint REIT’s corporate
factors of zero are applied where relevant.,
,travel providers.
,ii)  Car hire/taxi – Emissions are estimated using the
,total distance travelled is based on total spend on
,taxis and other car travel (Uber etc) converted with
,reference to the 2014 State & Territory Taxi Statistics
,"from the Australian Taxi Industry Association (ATIA),"
,adjusted for inflation.
,iii)  Public transport – Emissions are estimated using
,the total distance travelled which is estimated based
,"on spend on public transport, and average trip"
,distances of routes utilised.
,iv)  Accommodation – Emissions are estimated using
,the total nights of accommodation based on actual
,spend on accommodation and meals whilst travelling
,converted to nights of accommodation using an
,estimated average spend per night.

=== Table 9 (page 29) ===
d)  Scope 3 emissions: Employee Commuting (including,
,People metrics
working from home) (category 7) – Emissions,
,"• Total Employee – Total number of permanent, fixed-term and"
associated with Waypoint REIT employees commuting,
,part-time employees of Waypoint REIT as at the end of the
and working from home.,
,reporting period
"i) 
Employee commuting – Days/hours working from",
,• Total employees in full-time roles – An employee under a
"office, travel distances and methods of travel are",
,"permanent contract who works a standard work week, which"
based on data from employee surveys undertaken,
,is 38 hours.
by Waypoint.,
,• Total employees in part-time roles – An employee under
ii)  Working from home – Working-from-home employee,
,a permanent contract who works less than a standard
data are based on data from employee surveys,
,work week.
undertaken by Waypoint. The working-from-home,
emissions have been calculated with reference to,• Employee turnover % – The number of employees who left
the UK Company Reporting factors.,Waypoint REIT as a percentage of the average total employees
,during the 12-month reporting period.
e)  Scope 3 emissions: Upstream Leased Assets emissions,
(category 8) – Emissions associated with the operation,Voluntary turnover covers voluntary exits of employees
of assets that are leased by Waypoint REIT and not,"as a result of resignation, relocation or retirement."
"already included in the reporting of Scope 1, Scope 2 or",
,Involuntary turnover covers involuntary exits of employee
other Scope 3 categories consisting primarily of share,
,as a result of employment termination by the employer.
of base building emissions for offices in which Waypoint,
leases office space on a share of Net Lettable Area basis.,"• Total employees (Male/Female) % – The number of permanent,"
Emissions are based on actual data provided by the,fixed-term and part-time casual employees of Waypoint REIT
building managers for the most recent annual reporting,of each gender as a percentage of the total employees as at
period and/or management estimates.,the end of the reporting period.
,• Executives – Executives are defined as the Managing Director
• Scope 3 emissions not reported consists of the following,
,and CEO and direct reports of the Managing Director and CEO
GHG Protocol categories: Purchased Goods and Services,
,"who are heads of organisational function areas (e.g. Finance,"
"(category 1), Capital Goods (Category 2), and Downstream",
,"Legal/Compliance, Property)."
leased assets (Category 13).,
,• Executives (Male/Female) % – The number Executives of each
,gender as a percentage of the total number of Executives.
Carbon offsets,
,• Board of Directors (Male/Female) % – The number of Directors
Carbon offsets are purchased and surrendered to compensate,
,of the Waypoint REIT Board of Directors (Board members)
"for the Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected direct Scope 3 emissions",
,of each gender as a percentage of the total number of Board
generated by Waypoint REIT’s activities during the reporting,
,members as at the end of the reporting period.
period. Each carbon offset represents the offset of one (1) tonne,