=== Page 9 ===
7
 WISETECH GLOBAL ANNUAL REPORT 2024
100%
of our Scope 1 and 
2 market-based 
emissions offsethours of structured learning 
completed by our people57,000+
increase  in number 
of team members 
signed up to be 
mentors86%
increase  in number of 
company courses consumed 
on WiseTech Academy152%
courses completed 
by external users via 
WiseTech Academy~16,000 CargoWise Certified Practitioners  
(up 29% from FY23)~38,000 
students part of our 
Earn & Learn program. 
31% of program 
participants are women78

=== Page 16 ===
14
Our guidance for FY25 is based on the assumptions set 
out in our FY24 Results presentation. Assuming there 
are no material changes to these assumptions and no 
unforeseen events that arise prior to 30 June 2025, 
we expect to deliver FY25 revenue of $1.3 billion to 
$1.35 billion, representing revenue growth of 25 to 
30%, with CargoWise revenue expected to grow 
by approximately 31 to 37% overall. In terms of 
FY25 EBITDA, we expect to deliver $660 million to 
$700 million, representing EBITDA growth of between 
33 and 41%, with the EBITDA margin exit rate at the 
end of FY25 expected to be around 53%.
Our people are the foundation of 
our success
At the heart of WiseTech’s success lies our exceptional 
team of people, whose diverse talents and unwavering 
dedication drive the company forward. Our team, 
encompassing nearly 3,500 individuals from more 
than 70 nationalities and ranging in age from 16 to 75, 
brings a wealth of unique perspectives and skills that 
foster innovation and creativity. 
This broad mix of experiences and backgrounds is 
not merely a feature but a cornerstone of our vibrant 
and dynamic culture. It is this extraordinary team 
that underpins our technological leadership and 
global market presence, ensuring that productivity 
remains at the core of everything we do. By nurturing 
an environment that values continuous learning and 
development, diversity of thought, and encourages 
impactful change, we continue to attract, retain, and 
develop top talent, solidifying our position as a leader 
in the industry.
Building Australia’s future tech industry
We take great pride in our global and inclusive workforce 
and the incredible talent they embody. Approximately 
32% of our employees and 43% of our Board members 
are female. We are committed to encouraging and 
supporting more women to enter the technology and 
logistics industries.
Our education initiatives, particularly the Earn & Learn 
Program, have made a transformative impact on 
students’ educational journeys by bridging the gap 
between academic learning and professional experience, 
applied knowledge and fluency. Through comprehensive 
support including financial, practical experience, 
and enhanced mentorship, Earn & Learn equips 
students with essential skills and knowledge, ensuring 
their readiness for successful careers. This initiative 
underscores WiseTech’s dedication to nurturing talent 
and advancing workforce development in the dynamic 
tech industry.Since the program’s launch last year, we have added 
51 students to our cohort, bringing our total to 78 1 
Earn & Learn Associate Software Engineers, with 
women making up 31% of participants, higher than 
the participation rate for women in engineering and 
technology undergraduate degrees in Australia 2.
Our aim is to partner with more educational institutions to 
broaden the program’s reach and offer our Earn & Learn 
team members a wider range of learning opportunities.
Through our Registered Training Organization WiseTech 
Academy, we are also extending industry learning 
opportunities. In August this year, we announced that 
CargoWise certification training was open to the public 
for free, opening skills development and employment 
opportunities in the fast-growing logistics and supply 
chain industry. In FY24 we saw a 19% increase in the 
number of courses completed via WiseTech Academy 
by external customers. 
This year, we offset 100% of our Scope 1 and 2 
market-based emissions from our global operations 
using offsets aligned to verified carbon standards. Our 
FY24 sustainability reporting has been informed by the 
internationally recognized Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Framework and the SASB (Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board) Software and IT services Sector Standard. 
Over time, we will continue to develop and build on our 
ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) disclosures 
in alignment with new sustainability accounting standards.
You can read more about our FY24 sustainability 
performance in our Sustainability Report on pages 26 to 
49 and on the WiseTech Global investor center website.
Acknowledgements
For 30 years we’ve been challenging the status quo, 
thinking of breakthrough ideas that revolutionize global 
logistics and continuing to build powerful software 
products that are delightfully better for our customers 
and for their customers. We cannibalize that which needs 
to be superseded, improve that which is imperfect and 
add that which is missing. And we are having fun doing it! 
There is huge potential ahead of us, as we continue 
to do what no one else in the industry is doing or is 
capable of doing.
Thank you so much for reading this, for being a 
shareholder, a staff member, a customer, a partner, 
or simply a friend, and for everything you do for us.
Richard White  
Founder and CEO
1 As at 30 June 2024.
2 STEM Equity Monitor, 2022 university undergraduate enrolment in information technology and engineering and related technology degrees, 
www.industry.gov.au

=== Page 29 ===
27
 WISETECH GLOBAL ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Approach
Our sustainability ambition is to be a force for good;  
improving productivity, connectivity and resource 
usage across global supply chains. 
Our Sustainability & ESG framework sets out our strategic objectives 
in three impact priority areas. These are underpinned by strong 
foundations and enablers. The framework is also designed to embed 
sustainability across our business through the foundational principles 
and ensure enablers are in place to improve our long-term sustainability.
The impact priority areas of education, people and culture, and net zero 
carbon are both value drivers for our business and important, long-term 
challenges for which WiseTech can help lead and drive solutions. 
This report provides an update on our work in these priority impact 
areas during FY24. 
Stakeholders Employees Investors Customers SuppliersCommunity 
partnersGovernment 
& regulatorsIndustry 
associationsFoundations We operate with integrity, 
security and effective 
governance, customers 
trust us, and sustainability 
is integrated into decisions 
and actionsWe are a force for good and  
actively work to maximize 
positive impact for us,  
our stakeholders and  
the planetWe transparently 
disclose our performance, 
and engage and 
collaborate to achieve 
the best outcomesResponsibility ImpactTransparency & 
engagementImpact 
priorities We attract and retain the  
best talent, and our high 
performance culture 
supports diversity 
and inclusionNet zero carbon
Enablers Principles & policies Risk management MeasurementSustainability & ESG framework and strategic objectives
Our education initiatives 
build skills and passion for 
creative problem solving, 
and a pipeline for our 
future workforceEducation People & culture
Our global operations are  
net zero carbon and our 
products support customers  
to reduce emissions from  
global logistics

=== Page 44 ===
42
We recognize that climate change is one 
of the greatest challenges of our time and 
are committed to taking action to reduce, 
and eventually eliminate, emissions 
from our operations. We believe our net 
zero carbon vision is likely to provide 
WiseTech with improved resilience and 
cost reductions over the long term.
Our software inherently improves the efficiency of 
global logistics and streamlines customer logistics 
routes. We continue to invest in product research 
and development to deliver efficiencies that support 
customers to reduce emissions. This includes customers 
using our cloud-based, centralized data centers, removing 
inefficient self-hosted energy intensive environments. 
A strategic objective for the Net Zero impact priority 
area is that our products support customers to 
reduce emissions from global logistics. The inclusion 
of a Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions calculator is a 
new product feature for CargoWise Next, WiseTech’s 
next generation platform. 
The GHG Emissions module will focus on tackling the 
critical challenge of global greenhouse gas emissions in 
freight transportation and logistics by enabling customers 
to calculate and track the end-to-end carbon footprint 
of supply-chain activities. The functionalities span 
quotes, bookings, shipments, consol and routing legs, 
complemented by an integrated analytic dashboard. 
This provides users with visible CO2e values for shipments 
across various transport modes, while the module also 
allows for the customization of documents to display 
carbon footprint calculations. 
Energy consumption 
During FY24, our total energy consumption was 7,658 
MWh or 27,569 gigajoules, up 3% on FY23. This energy 
powered over 40 facilities1 in 18 countries, including our 
data centers in Australia, the United States and Europe. Electricity consumption continued to be the largest 
contributor to our operational emissions footprint. 
It accounted for 86% of our energy consumption this 
year, and increased by 6% as our global operations 
continued to grow. 
We recognize the best way to reduce our operational 
emissions is by moving to clean energy sources. 
In WiseTech’s net zero pathway, transitioning to 100% 
low or no emissions electricity is the most critical step 
given electricity represents the largest source of our 
energy consumption. 
We continued to explore opportunities to switch to 
low or no emissions electricity and onsite renewable 
generation at our larger sites during the year, and this 
work is ongoing. 
This year, 13% of our global electricity use was from 
purchased renewable electricity. 
We use natural gas to heat some of our buildings and 
water, diesel to run backup generators, and gasoline and 
diesel to fuel company -owned or operated vehicles. 
In FY24, direct energy consumption reduced by 10% 
largely due to lower diesel consumption. Direct energy 
consumption accounted for 12% of our total energy 
consumption during the period, down 2% on FY23.
Emissions 
As a technology company, our carbon footprint is small, 
relative to other industries. This year, our operational 
emissions intensity2 continued its downward trend. 
As our business continued to grow, operational emissions 
intensity reduced from 4.09 tCO2e3 per AUD $m revenue 
in FY23 to 3.50 tCO2e per AUD $m revenue.
This year, the majority of our operational emissions 
continued to come from electricity used to 
power, heat and cool our offices and data centers. 
We continue to work to improve our emissions 
accounting, and this year report emissions from 
refrigerant use for the first time which accounts 
for the increase in Scope 1 emissions. Net zero carbonIMPACT PRIORITY
As a software solutions provider, WiseTech is not directly involved in 
the manufacture or physical transportation of goods. While our global 
environmental footprint is relatively small across our operations, we are 
committed to reducing our environmental impacts where they exist. 
1 Excludes facilities beyond operational control, such as co-working spaces.
2 Scope 1 and 2 tCO2e per $M dollar (AUD) of revenue generated.
3 Updated following internal data reviews.

=== Page 45 ===
43
 WISETECH GLOBAL ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Scope 1 and 2 market-based operational emissions 1 
increased in FY24 from 3,338 tCO2e 2 to 3,649 tCO2e 
as we continued to improve our emissions reporting 
and as our business continued to grow.
Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity continues 
to be our largest operational emissions source, 
accounting for 90% of Scope 1 and 2 market-based 
emissions in FY24.
We continued to develop and refine our Scope 3 
emissions inventory, which accounts for emissions 
outside WiseTech’s direct control in its value 
chain. We are reporting emissions from additional 
Scope 3 categories this year. Emissions from these 
categories totaled 22,557 tCO2e.
See our Performance data tables on page 47 
for our GHG inventory.
0 1000 2000 3000FY22
FY23
FY24
544321Refrigerants
Diesel
Natural gas
Gasoline3,3013,1113,075
Market-based electricity
and Purchased 
Heating and Cooling
152
5794108
869183
While we continue to transition to clean energy sources, we will offset 100% of carbon emissions from our global 
operations. This year, we continued to offset 100% of our Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions using a mixed 
portfolio of offsets from cool fire projects conducted at Arnhem Land in Australia’s Northern Territory, and wind 
power projects in southern India and the United States. 
More information about our approach 
to offsetting is available on our website : 
wisetechglobal.com/investors/esg/environment/
We have set out a pathway to achieve 
our net zero global operations ambition, 
which we will be working to achieve 
over the coming yearsScope 1 & 2 emissions by sourceFY24 GHG emissions (tCO2e)
Scope 1
Scope 2
(market-based)
Scope 31%
13%
86%
1 Market-based operational emissions are emissions from Scope 1 and 2 sources that WiseTech has elected to purchase.
2 Updated following internal data reviews.