=== Table 1 (page 16) ===
Our guidance for FY25 is based on the assumptions set,"Since the program’s launch last year, we have added"
out in our FY24 Results presentation. Assuming there,"51 students to our cohort, bringing our total to 78 1"
are no material changes to these assumptions and no,"Earn & Learn Associate Software Engineers, with"
"unforeseen events that arise prior to 30 June 2025,","women making up 31% of participants, higher than"
we expect to deliver FY25 revenue of $1.3 billion to,the participation rate for women in engineering and
"$1.35 billion, representing revenue growth of 25 to",technology undergraduate degrees in Australia 2.
"30%, with CargoWise revenue expected to grow",
,Our aim is to partner with more educational institutions to
by approximately 31 to 37% overall. In terms of,
,broaden the program’s reach and offer our Earn & Learn
"FY25 EBITDA, we expect to deliver $660 million to",
,team members a wider range of learning opportunities.
"$700 million, representing EBITDA growth of between",
"33 and 41%, with the EBITDA margin exit rate at the",Through our Registered Training Organization WiseTech
end of FY25 expected to be around 53%.,"Academy, we are also extending industry learning"
,"opportunities. In August this year, we announced that"
Our people are the foundation of,CargoWise certification training was open to the public
our success,"for free, opening skills development and employment"
,opportunities in the fast-growing logistics and supply
At the heart of WiseTech’s success lies our exceptional,
,chain industry. In FY24 we saw a 19% increase in the
"team of people, whose diverse talents and unwavering",
,number of courses completed via WiseTech Academy
"dedication drive the company forward. Our team,",
,by external customers.
"encompassing nearly 3,500 individuals from more",
"than 70 nationalities and ranging in age from 16 to 75,","This year, we offset 100% of our Scope 1 and 2"
brings a wealth of unique perspectives and skills that,market-based emissions from our global operations
foster innovation and creativity.,using offsets aligned to verified carbon standards. Our
,FY24 sustainability reporting has been informed by the
This broad mix of experiences and backgrounds is,
,internationally recognized Global Reporting Initiative
not merely a feature but a cornerstone of our vibrant,
,(GRI) Framework and the SASB (Sustainability Accounting
and dynamic culture. It is this extraordinary team,
,Standards Board) Software and IT services Sector Standard.
that underpins our technological leadership and,
,"Over time, we will continue to develop and build on our"
"global market presence, ensuring that productivity",
,"ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) disclosures"
remains at the core of everything we do. By nurturing,
,in alignment with new sustainability accounting standards.
an environment that values continuous learning and,
"development, diversity of thought, and encourages",You can read more about our FY24 sustainability
"impactful change, we continue to attract, retain, and",performance in our Sustainability Report on pages 26 to
"develop top talent, solidifying our position as a leader",49 and on the WiseTech Global investor center website.
in the industry.,
,Acknowledgements
Building Australia’s future tech industry,
,"For 30 years we’ve been challenging the status quo,"
We take great pride in our global and inclusive workforce,thinking of breakthrough ideas that revolutionize global
and the incredible talent they embody. Approximately,logistics and continuing to build powerful software
32% of our employees and 43% of our Board members,products that are delightfully better for our customers
are female. We are committed to encouraging and,and for their customers. We cannibalize that which needs
supporting more women to enter the technology and,"to be superseded, improve that which is imperfect and"
logistics industries.,add that which is missing. And we are having fun doing it!
"Our education initiatives, particularly the Earn & Learn","There is huge potential ahead of us, as we continue"
"Program, have made a transformative impact on",to do what no one else in the industry is doing or is
students’ educational journeys by bridging the gap,capable of doing.
"between academic learning and professional experience,",
,"Thank you so much for reading this, for being a"
applied knowledge and fluency. Through comprehensive,
,"shareholder, a staff member, a customer, a partner,"
"support including financial, practical experience,",
,"or simply a friend, and for everything you do for us."
"and enhanced mentorship, Earn & Learn equips",

=== Table 2 (page 44) ===
,Electricity consumption continued to be the largest
We recognize that climate change is one,
,contributor to our operational emissions footprint.
of the greatest challenges of our time and,
,It accounted for 86% of our energy consumption this
"are committed to taking action to reduce,",
,"year, and increased by 6% as our global operations"
"and eventually eliminate, emissions",continued to grow.
from our operations. We believe our net,
,We recognize the best way to reduce our operational
zero carbon vision is likely to provide,
,emissions is by moving to clean energy sources.
WiseTech with improved resilience and,"In WiseTech’s net zero pathway, transitioning to 100%"
,
cost reductions over the long term.,low or no emissions electricity is the most critical step
,given electricity represents the largest source of our
Our software inherently improves the efficiency of,
,energy consumption.
global logistics and streamlines customer logistics,
,We continued to explore opportunities to switch to
routes. We continue to invest in product research,
,low or no emissions electricity and onsite renewable
and development to deliver efficiencies that support,
,"generation at our larger sites during the year, and this"
customers to reduce emissions. This includes customers,
,work is ongoing.
"using our cloud-based, centralized data centers, removing",
inefficient self-hosted energy intensive environments.,"This year, 13% of our global electricity use was from"
,purchased renewable electricity.
A strategic objective for the Net Zero impact priority,
area is that our products support customers to,We use natural gas to heat some of our buildings and
reduce emissions from global logistics. The inclusion,"water, diesel to run backup generators, and gasoline and"
of a Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions calculator is a,diesel to fuel company-owned or operated vehicles.
"new product feature for CargoWise Next, WiseTech’s","In FY24, direct energy consumption reduced by 10%"
next generation platform.,largely due to lower diesel consumption. Direct energy
,consumption accounted for 12% of our total energy
The GHG Emissions module will focus on tackling the,
,"consumption during the period, down 2% on FY23."
critical challenge of global greenhouse gas emissions in,
freight transportation and logistics by enabling customers,
,Emissions
to calculate and track the end-to-end carbon footprint,
of supply-chain activities. The functionalities span,"As a technology company, our carbon footprint is small,"
"quotes, bookings, shipments, consol and routing legs,","relative to other industries. This year, our operational"
complemented by an integrated analytic dashboard.,emissions intensity 2 continued its downward trend.
This provides users with visible CO2e values for shipments,"As our business continued to grow, operational emissions"
"across various transport modes, while the module also",intensity reduced from 4.09 tCO2e3 per AUD $m revenue
allows for the customization of documents to display,in FY23 to 3.50 tCO2e per AUD $m revenue.
carbon footprint calculations.,
,"This year, the majority of our operational emissions"
,continued to come from electricity used to
Energy consumption,
,"power, heat and cool our offices and data centers."
"During FY24, our total energy consumption was 7,658",We continue to work to improve our emissions
"MWh or 27,569 gigajoules, up 3% on FY23. This energy","accounting, and this year report emissions from"
"powered over 40 facilities1 in 18 countries, including our",refrigerant use for the first time which accounts
"data centers in Australia, the United States and Europe.",for the increase in Scope 1 emissions.

=== Table 3 (page 45) ===
,,
Scope 1 and 2 market-based operational emissions 1,FY24 GHG emissions (tCO2e),
"increased in FY24 from 3,338 tCO2e 2 to 3,649 tCO2e",,
,1%,
as we continued to improve our emissions reporting,,
and as our business continued to grow.,,
,,13%
Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity continues,,
"to be our largest operational emissions source,",,
accounting for 90% of Scope 1 and 2 market-based,,
emissions in FY24.,,
We continued to develop and refine our Scope 3,,
,Scope 1,
"emissions inventory, which accounts for emissions",,
,Scope 2,
outside WiseTech’s direct control in its value,,
,,(market-based)
chain. We are reporting emissions from additional,Scope 3,
Scope 3 categories this year. Emissions from these,,
"categories totaled 22,557 tCO2e.",,
See our Performance data tables on page 47,,
for our GHG inventory.,,
,86%,
Scope 1 & 2 emissions by source,,

=== Table 4 (page 49) ===
Environment,,
Metric,FY2024,FY2023
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions,,
Total emissions (tCO2e)1,,
Scope 1,348,2272
Scope 2 (Market-based),"3,301","3,1112"
Scope 3,"22,5573","4,5853"
Total carbon emissions by source (tCO2e),,
Scope 1 emissions,348,2272
Stationary fuels,88,1042
Natural gas4,86,915
Diesel6,2,132
Transport fuels7,109,123
Motor gasoline / Petrol8,54,43
Diesel9,56,81
Refrigerants10,152,-

=== Table 5 (page 50) ===
1,"Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions from purchased electricity, heating and cooling and electricity used to charge vehicles. The location-based method"
,"uses the average emissions intensity of the local electricity grid and does not take into consideration contractual instruments, direct contracts, energy"
,"certificates, and tariffs. The market-based method takes into consideration contractual instruments, direct contracts, energy certificates, and tariffs"
,"from specific suppliers or sources, such as renewable energy or green power products. Scope 2 emissions are calculated based on primary electricity"
,"consumption data (kwh) from WiseTech offices and co-located data centers where we can influence the supply or the demand of the energy, and where we"
,"can apply operating policies to influence its use. Data received in units other than kwh is converted to kwh. Activity data is collected internally, and we work"
,with qualified consultants who calculate emissions by applying relevant emissions factors. Emissions factors are applied based on the location of the facility.
,Country specific emissions factors were applied based on location where available or most conservative emissions factor available. Emissions factors
,applied in FY24 were:

=== Table 6 (page 50) ===
,"can apply operating policies to influence its use. Data received in units other than kwh is converted to kwh. Activity data is collected internally, and we work",
,with qualified consultants who calculate emissions by applying relevant emissions factors. Emissions factors are applied based on the location of the facility.,
,Country specific emissions factors were applied based on location where available or most conservative emissions factor available. Emissions factors,
,applied in FY24 were:,
,Emissions category,Emissions factor applied
,Scope 2,
,Electricity (Australia),Australian National Greenhouse Accounts Factors (February 2023)
,"Electricity (Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands,",Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) (2023)
,"Poland, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom)",
,"Electricity (China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Singapore, South Africa,",Carbon Footprint Ltd.’s GHG Factors for International Grid Electricity
,"South Korea, Taiwan)",(Rest of the World) (2023)
,"Electricity (United States – CA, IL, MA, NH)",EPA eGrid (31 January 2023)
,Electricity (International unless otherwise sourced),Carbon Footprint Ltd.’s GHG Factors for International Grid Electricity
,,(Rest of the World) (2023)
R,"enewable Power Percentages were applied from the Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) (2023, 2022 RPP applied) and the Australian Clean Energy Regulator",
(CER) 2024.,,

=== Table 7 (page 51) ===
3,"Reported from FY24. Emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of goods and services purchased or acquired during the reporting period"
,"not otherwise included in Scope 1, 2 or Scope 3 categories 2-8. Emission factors were applied utilizing the input-output method followed by ECE Factors,"
,"Industrial Ecology Lab (IELab), 2021 (Forecast). Where available, specific supplier emissions factors were applied."
4,"Reported from FY24. Emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of capital goods purchased or acquired in the reporting"
,"period. Emission factors were applied utilizing the input-output method followed by ECE Factors, Industrial Ecology Lab (IELab), 2021 (Forecast)."
,"Where available, specific supplier emissions factors were applied."
5,"Reported from FY24. Emissions associated with the use of fuel and energy related activities, not otherwise included in Scope 1. This includes upstream"
,"emissions of purchased fuels, gas and purchased electricity including extraction, production & transportation of fuels and electricity consumed."
6,Reported from FY23. Flights and accommodation booked through WiseTech’s corporate travel provider. Rental cars via expense data. Flights are reported by
,distance category. An 8% uplift factor is incorporated into the emission factors to take into account non-direct routes (i.e. not along the straight line great
,circle distances between destinations) and delays/circling per DEFRA guidance.
7,Excludes employees in Norway and United Arab Emirates.
8,"Reported from FY23. Emissions created by WiseTech employees commuting to and from work via various modes of transport, including car, motorbike/"
,"scooter, taxi/rideshare, carpooling, public transport, cycling and walking. Commuting input data is based on responses to employee surveys and"
,"extrapolated to estimate emissions for all employees. It is assumed a typical year consists of 230 working days, accounting for public holidays and leave"
,"days. UK DEFRA (2024) and AITA (2020) emissions factors were applied by transport mode. For ride share, a Victorian EPA methodology was followed using"
,emissions data reported by Uber.
9,"Reported from FY23. Calculated in line with methodology set out in ‘Homeworking Emissions Whitepaper’ (Skillet & Ventress, 2020). Input data from"
,"employee survey responses and extrapolated for all employees and includes estimated emissions from powering a home office, heating using natural gas"
,"and cooling using electricity. It is assumed a typical working day consists of 7.6 hours and a typical year consists of 230 working days, accounting for public"
,"holidays and leave days. Gas was assumed to be the energy source to provide heat, while electricity was the fuel source to provide cooling. Emissions factors"
,used for Scope 1 and 2 emissions were applied (see Scope 1 and Scope 2 footnotes).
"10  Reported from FY24. Emissions associated with energy use in co-working locations where WiseTech does not have operational control over energy use,",
,"and base building energy usage to power centralized systems such as HVAC, toilets, lifts and other common areas not included in Scope 1 or 2 emissions."
,Emissions factors used for Scope 1 and 2 emissions were applied (see Scope 1 and Scope 2 footnotes).
11,"Carbon offsets applied from FY22 onwards. To read more about the offsets we purchase, please see the Environment section of this report and our website."

=== Table 8 (page 168) ===
Term,Meaning
Scope 1-3 emissions,"As defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Reporting Standard, Scope 1 emissions are"
,‘direct’ emissions caused by an organization operating the things that it owns or controls. Scope 2
,emissions are ‘indirect’ emissions created by the production of the energy that an organization
,purchases. Scope 3 emissions are ‘indirect’ emissions other than Scope 2 emissions that are
,generated in the wider economy by an organization’s suppliers and customers
Share right,A right to receive an ordinary share in WiseTech Global at a point in the future. Share rights are
,issued to employees
tCO2e,Tons of carbon dioxide equivalent
TSR,Total Shareholder Return
Tuck-in acquisition,"Typically smaller acquisitions that can quickly bring their team, technology, and knowledge"
,without major rewrites and rapidly add value to the CargoWise ecosystem
Underlying NPAT,Net profit after tax excluding fair value adjustments from changes to acquisition contingent
,"consideration, non‑recurring tax on acquisition, acquired amortization net of tax, contingent"
,and deferred consideration interest unwind net of tax and M&A costs
UNSGDs,United Nations Sustainability Development Goals