=== Page 34 ===
SUSTAINABILITY 
Under the Board’s direction, Yancoal’s HSEC Committee has 
oversight of Yancoal’s Sustainability Strategy. The Sustainability 
Strategy takes a holistic approach to the consideration of 
decarbonisation opportunities, renewable energy projects and 
the pursuit of diversification into minerals and commodities 
beyond coal as potential elements which could underpin the 
ongoing sustainability of Yancoal’s business into the future.  
In April 2024, the Group published its first Sustainability Report, 
for the 2023 calendar year, which integrated “Environment, 
Social & Governance” information with sustainability 
disclosures that are being implemented globally. 
On 1 January 2025, Australia’s mandatory climate disclosure 
regime took effect following the passage of the Treasury Laws 
Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other 
Measures) Act 2024 . The regime mandates disclosure of 
material climate-related financial risks and opportunities, 
metrics and targets, and information on governance, strategy 
and risk-management in accordance with Australian 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ASRS”) made by the 
Australian Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”): 
•AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures – a mandatory 
Standard; and
•AASB S1 General Requirements for Disclosure of 
Sustainability-related Financial Information – a voluntary 
Standard. 
For Group 1 companies, including Yancoal, mandatory 
reporting of climate-related disclosures commences for 
financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
AASB S1 and AASB S2 are aligned, as far as possible, to the 
International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) 
International Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) S1 and 
IFRS S2. The main difference, when compared to the ISSB 
Standards, is that AASB S2 does not require the disclosure of 
industry-based metrics or the application of Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) disclosure topics.
Yancoal continues to undertake preparatory measures to ready 
the company for these mandatory disclosure requirements 
which will be reflected in its first sustainability report 
comprising of a climate statement and directors’ declaration for 
the 2025 financial year, prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of the Corporations Act 2001  (Cth) and AASB S2, 
and submitted to ASIC by 30 April 2026.
Yancoal’s 2024 Sustainability Report will continue the 
Company’s transition towards meeting AASB S2 Climate-
related Disclosures with the structure aligning to the approved 
Yancoal P4 Sustainability Framework, addressing the pillars of 
“people”, “planet”, “portfolio” and “profit”. As with previous 
years, Yancoal will continue to report against relevant 
disclosure standards, and where information is available, the 
report will incorporate relevant climate-related disclosures.SAFEGUARD MECHANISM
In 2016, the Government established a framework to establish 
safeguard facility “baselines” under the Safeguard Mechanism. 
This framework was later reformed in 2023 to progressively 
reduce safeguard facility baselines in line with Australia's 
emission reduction targets. These changes will require that the 
Company’s safeguard facilities purchase and retire “Australian 
Carbon Credit Units” (“ACCUs”) or “Safeguard Mechanism 
Credits” (“SMCs”) for emissions in excess of their declining 
baselines. This will impact the Company’s financial returns. The 
Company will continue to investigate abatement technologies 
to reduce emissions and thus the quantum of ACCUs which 
would otherwise be required. 
EMISSIONS
The Company acknowledges that it has a role to play in 
minimising the emissions generated by its operations and 
supporting research into low-emission technology to assist the 
reduction of downstream emissions from the consumption of 
coal products.
The transition to a lower carbon economy remains a critical 
element of mitigating the impacts of climate change.
Several state jurisdictions in Australia have also passed climate 
change legislation with more ambitious greenhouse gas 
(“GHG”) reduction targets than those contemplated under the 
federal legislation.
The establishment of jurisdiction specific GHG emission 
reduction targets can increase transition risks for the Company, 
as such jurisdiction specific targets may impact the relevant 
government’s approach to regulation of GHG emissions from 
mining facilities.
Yancoal also recognises that the federal government is due to 
submit an updated, and more ambitious , Nationally Determined 
Contribution for 2035 commitments under the Paris Agreement 
to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change Secretariat this year. 
Yancoal is investigating a possible pumped hydro power and 
solar facility at its Stratford mine. With coal production at the 
Stratford mine having been completed in the period, this 
renewable energy hub provides an excellent opportunity for the 
beneficial re-use of part of the site after cessation of mining, 
subject to both internal and external approval processes.
Yancoal continues to study the potential for nature-based 
ACCU Scheme projects across its property portfolio.
Equipment suppliers to the mining sector are constantly 
innovating to improve the fuel efficiency of haul trucks and 
other machinery. Fuel efficien cy is an important assessment 
metric Yancoal considers when acquiring equipment for its 
operations. 
Yancoal also understands the elevated interest from 
stakeholders regarding the potential risks and opportunities 
posed to its business and the broader sector due to the 
ongoing global shift towards a lower-carbon economy.
REPORTING
Yancoal reports its operational direct (“Scope 1”) and indirect 
(“Scope 2”) emissions annually in line with the National 
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
31

=== Page 35 ===
The Group has implemented systems and processes to collect 
and calculate the data r equired and has submitted its 
2023/2024 (“FY2024”) Section 19 Energy and Emissions Report 
to the Federal Clean Energy Regulator.45
EMISSIONS REPORTING 
PERIOD
2023/2024 2022/2023 CHANGE % 
SCOPE EMISSIONS
Scope 1 Emissions (tCO2-e)  1,819,649  1,708,856  6% 
Scope 2 Emissions (tCO2-e)  266,753  260,260  2% 
Total Scope 1
and Scope 2 Emissions 
(tCO2-e) 2,086,402  1,969,116  6% 
ROM Coal Production (t)  43,928,044  36,440,860  21% 
Emissions Intensity (tCO2-e/t 
ROM) 0.0475 0.0540  (12%) 
The increase in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions was primarily 
driven by the 21% increase in ROM coal production from 
2022/2023 (“FY2023”) to FY2024.
FY2024 was the first year Yancoal’s assets were subject to the 
Australian Government’s 2023 amendments to the Safeguard 
Mechanism. Yancoal has an economic interest in six facilities 
with annual emissions above the 100,000 tonnes CO2-e 
Safeguard threshold - Ashton, Moolarben, Hunter Valley 
Operations, Middlemount, Warkworth and Yarrabee.
Following the completion of the FY2024 Section 19 NGER 
report, five facilities were confirmed to have exceeded their 
FY2024 scope 1 baselines. These facilities are Ashton, Hunter 
Valley Operations, Middlemount, Warkworth and Yarrabee. As 
Moolarben’s scope 1 emissions were below its Safeguard 
baseline, this resulted in the site generating SMCs. 
SMCs can be used to offset carbon emissions in future or 
traded with other Safeguard facilities.
ENVIRONMENT
Yancoal’s operations are subject to stringent environmental 
approvals and licences. To enhance compliance with these 
regulatory obligations, and to meet the requirements of 
Yancoal’s management directives, Yancoal has developed and 
implemented comprehensive and robust environmental 
compliance systems, processes and practices. These systems, 
processes and practices are subject to continuous 
improvement initiatives and are periodically audited by third 
parties to provide “third line” assurance to the Board and the 
HSEC Committee regarding both systems and performance. In 
addition, Yancoal continuously monitors legislative and policy 
changes to allow sufficient time to implement environmental 
licensing and management changes in response to policy 
reform.
The following practices continue to be deployed as an 
additional review for matters of Aborigin al Cultural Heritage 
(“ACH”) and environmental risk management respectively:
•Yancoal continues to implement its corporate Aboriginal 
Cultural Heritage Management Standard. This Standard sets 
out minimum requirements for managing ACH to ensure that 
all sites are consistently implementing control measures to 
minimise the impacts of mining on ACH.•Yancoal’s Independent Environmental Assurance Audit 
(“IEAA”) program is designed to assess the risks associated 
with key environmental aspects at each operation. During 
2024, audits were completed at Ashton, Austar and MTW. 
The level of environmental management demonstrated by 
these sites has been found to be effective, with some 
“opportunities for improvement” identified to improve 
environmental performance further.
SOCIAL
Yancoal is committed to making a genuine positive difference 
in the communities in which it operates. Yancoal operates a 
Community Support Program (“CSP”) which proactively 
engages with stakeholders at each site to support local and 
regional initiatives.
In 2024, Yancoal contributed $2.1 million via the CSP to 
environmental, education, arts, culture and community 
initiatives, $0.9 million of which was managed by sites and 
directed into local communities.
Yancoal also works with its community stakeholders, utilising 
community consultative committees, local newsletters, local 
media, community days and site-specific websites to ensure 
communities are engaged and informed of relevant matters 
related to nearby operations.
Yancoal’s Code of Conduct, Anti-Corruption and Sanctions 
Policy set out the Group’s requirements and expectations for all 
employees and suppliers, including the requirement to act 
ethically at all times. Further details including related policies 
are set out in the Corporate Governance Statement.
Yancoal is required to submit an annual modern slavery 
statement under the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth)  and has 
developed procedures to ensure its suppliers are not engaging 
in modern slavery. The annual statements are available on the 
Company’s website.
GOVERNANCE
Yancoal has developed governance processes to drive its 
Sustainability performance across the business. The Enterprise 
Risk Management framework is a key platform and includes the 
assessment and mitigation of material business risks, including 
social and environmental risks and the risks associated with 
climate change and the progressive transition to a lower 
carbon economy. The HSEC Committee Charter includes 
oversight of compliance with modern slavery regulations as a 
responsibility of the HSEC Committee. This will further increase 
the governance and supervision of Yancoal's modern slavery 
risk.
The Board has ultimate responsibility for the oversight and 
approval of risk management and financial investment 
decisions, including those relating to climate change.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
3245 Emissions data is reported on 100% basis, but Yancoal does not own 100% of all assets. The operating assets included are: Moolarben, Mount Thorley , Warkworth, Yarrabee and 
Ashton, as well as several non-operational assets. Reporting on a 100% basis is consistent with the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (“NGER”) data submitted to the Clean 
Energy Regulator (“CER”).

=== Page 130 ===
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
The internal audit function is managed by the EGM of Risk and 
Audit. That person has direct access to the Chair of the Audit 
and Risk Management Committee, as well as to the CEC, to 
whom he directly reports. The CEC and the Audit and Risk 
Management Committee recommends to the Board the 
appointment of the EGM of Risk and Audit.
The EGM of Risk and Audit has unfettered access to the Audit 
and Risk Management Committee and its Chair and wider 
business to seek information and explanations. The Chair of the 
Audit and Risk Management Committee meets independently 
with the EGM of Risk and Audit.
The role of the EGM of Risk and Audit is responsible for the 
achievement of the risk management, internal audit, insurance 
and includes the responsibilities of Yancoal’s Whistleblower 
Officer.
An annual program for internal audit and risk assurance is 
provided to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for 
approval. The annual Internal Audit program is focused on key 
operating risks and processes and evaluates the design and 
operating effectiveness of associated key controls.
The program includes a review of compliance with the 
obligations imposed by the General Rules on Internal Control 
for Enterprises and the Supporting Guidelines of Internal 
Control for Enterprises, jointly issued by five Chinese ministries.
Periodical status reports on the execution of the plan, including 
current findings and actions are provided to the Audit and Risk 
Management Committee. This includes key issues and 
subsequently corrective actions that are monitored, reviewed 
and reported. Any material findings are reported to the Board 
by the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY
The future operating performance of the Group may be 
affected by risks relating to the Company’s business. Some of 
these risks are specific to the Company while others relate to 
economic conditions and the general industry and markets in 
which the Company operates.
The Company’s risk management policies and procedures 
have been designed and implemented to identify, assess and 
manage any material exposure to risks relating to the 
Company’s business and sustainability, including 
environmental and social risks. The Company undertakes 
regular monitoring and assessment of existing and emerging 
risks. Group material risks are assigned to specific risk owners 
which are recorded alongside applicable key controls and 
control effectiveness ratings to manage the Company’s 
exposure to such risks. Further details of how the Company 
manages certain environmental and social risks are set out in 
the Company’s 2023  Sustainability Report  published on the 
ASX and HKEx platforms and available on the Company’s 
website. The 2024  Sustainability Report will be published no 
later than the end of April 2025 .
However, there can be no assurance that such risk mitigation 
strategies will protect the Company from these risks. Other 
risks are beyond the Company’s control and cannot be 
mitigated or transferred. The occurrence of any such risks 
could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and 
performance. The risks listed below are not purported to be 
exhaustive and there is no assurance that the importance of 
different risks will not change or other risks will not emerge.SUSTAINAB ILITY RISKS
In September 2024, the Federal Government passed the 
Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and 
Other Measures) Act 2024  (Cth), amending the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) to implement Australia’s first mandatory climate-
related financial disclosure regime. This followed extensive 
consultation with industry and relevant stakeholders on an 
Exposure Draft of the proposed Treasury Laws Amendment Bill 
earlier in 2024.
From 1 January 2025, and on a phased-in basis up to 1 July 
2027, entities that prepare financial reports under Chapter 2M 
of the Corporations Act and meet certain thresholds or are 
reporting entities under the National Greenhouse and Energy 
Reporting Act 2007 (Cth), will be required to prepare a new 
annual sustainability report, incorporating climate-related 
financial disclosures.
The Company will be required to prepare a Sustainability 
Report which will need to include, amongst other things, a 
Climate Statement prepared in accordance with the new 
sustainability standards, for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2025.
On 20 September 2024, following a consultation period relating 
to draft Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ASRS”) 
(Exposure Draft ED SR1), the Australian Accounting Standards 
Board (“AASB”) issued the final ASRS AASB S1 General 
Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial 
Information and AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures. 
Reflecting the amendments to the Corporations Act , the AASB 
has taken a ‘climate first’ approach, prescribing the AASB S2 
as the mandatory Standard to be applied by the Company and 
the AASB S1 as an additional voluntary standard .  
The AASB S2 requires the Company to disclose information 
about climate-related financial risks and opportunities that 
could reasonably be expected to affect cash flows, access to 
finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term. 
The climate-related financial disclosure requirements include 
information about the Company’s  governance, strategy, risk 
management and metrics and targets, including information 
about scenario analysis the Company has undertaken and 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. 
The Standard applies to annual reporting periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2025.
The 2025 Sustainability Report will form a part of the 
Company’s Annual Report, along with the Financial Statements, 
Directors’ Report and Auditor’s Report. 
Among other things, this Climate Statement will need to include 
the Company’s material climate-related financial risks and 
opportunities; the Company’s risk management and strategic 
approach to managing these climate-related financial risks; 
climate-related metrics and targets; and relevant governance 
policies and procedures.
The Company is subject to a range of sustainability risks, 
including climate-related, environmental and social risks. These 
include, but are not limited to: climate-related physical and 
transitional risks, risks related to operations, health & safety, 
change in government policy (including carbon pricing), 
regulatory approvals, mine closure, Aboriginal cultural heritage, 
Native Title / tenements, market changes, reputation, transition 
to a lower carbon economy, technological change, fraud or 
misconduct, tax / royalties, environment and litigation risks 
linked to challenges to new or varied/modified projects and 
regulatory responses to those challenges. These are further 
outlined below.2024  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
127