=== Table 1 (page 34) ===
,
SUSTAINABILITY,SAFEGUARD MECHANISM
,"In 2016, the Government established a framework to establish"
"Under the Board’s direction, Yancoal’s HSEC Committee has",
,safeguard facility “baselines” under the Safeguard Mechanism.
oversight of Yancoal’s Sustainability Strategy. The Sustainability,
,This framework was later reformed in 2023 to progressively
Strategy takes a holistic approach to the consideration of,
,reduce safeguard facility baselines in line with Australia's
"decarbonisation opportunities, renewable energy projects and",
,emission reduction targets. These changes will require that the
the pursuit of diversification into minerals and commodities,
,Company’s safeguard facilities purchase and retire “Australian
beyond coal as potential elements which could underpin the,
,Carbon Credit Units” (“ACCUs”) or “Safeguard Mechanism
ongoing sustainability of Yancoal’s business into the future.,
,Credits” (“SMCs”) for emissions in excess of their declining
,baselines. This will impact the Company’s financial returns. The
"In April 2024, the Group published its first Sustainability Report,",
,Company will continue to investigate abatement technologies
"for the 2023 calendar year, which integrated “Environment,",
,to reduce emissions and thus the quantum of ACCUs which
Social & Governance” information with sustainability,
,would otherwise be required.
disclosures that are being implemented globally.,
,EMISSIONS
"On 1 January 2025, Australia’s mandatory climate disclosure",
regime took effect following the passage of the Treasury Laws,The Company acknowledges that it has a role to play in
Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other,minimising the emissions generated by its operations and
Measures) Act 2024. The regime mandates disclosure of,supporting research into low-emission technology to assist the
"material climate-related financial risks and opportunities,",reduction of downstream emissions from the consumption of
"metrics and targets, and information on governance, strategy",coal products.
and risk-management in accordance with Australian,
,The transition to a lower carbon economy remains a critical
Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ASRS”) made by the,
,element of mitigating the impacts of climate change.
Australian Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”):,
,Several state jurisdictions in Australia have also passed climate
• AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures – a mandatory,
,change legislation with more ambitious greenhouse gas
Standard; and,
,(“GHG”) reduction targets than those contemplated under the
• AASB S1 General Requirements for Disclosure of,federal legislation.
Sustainability-related Financial Information – a voluntary,
,The establishment of jurisdiction specific GHG emission
Standard.,
,"reduction targets can increase transition risks for the Company,"
"For Group 1 companies, including Yancoal, mandatory",as such jurisdiction specific targets may impact the relevant
reporting of climate-related disclosures commences for,government’s approach to regulation of GHG emissions from
financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2025.,mining facilities.
"AASB S1 and AASB S2 are aligned, as far as possible, to the",Yancoal also recognises that the federal government is due to
International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”),"submit an updated, and more ambitious, Nationally Determined"
International Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) S1 and,Contribution for 2035 commitments under the Paris Agreement
"IFRS S2. The main difference, when compared to the ISSB",to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
"Standards, is that AASB S2 does not require the disclosure of",Change Secretariat this year.
industry-based metrics or the application of Sustainability,
,Yancoal is investigating a possible pumped hydro power and
Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) disclosure topics.,
,solar facility at its Stratford mine. With coal production at the
Yancoal continues to undertake preparatory measures to ready,"Stratford mine having been completed in the period, this"
the company for these mandatory disclosure requirements,renewable energy hub provides an excellent opportunity for the
which will be reflected in its first sustainability report,"beneficial re-use of part of the site after cessation of mining,"
comprising of a climate statement and directors’ declaration for,subject to both internal and external approval processes.
"the 2025 financial year, prepared in accordance with the",
,Yancoal continues to study the potential for nature-based
"requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and AASB S2,",
,ACCU Scheme projects across its property portfolio.
and submitted to ASIC by 30 April 2026.,
,Equipment suppliers to the mining sector are constantly
Yancoal’s 2024 Sustainability Report will continue the,
,innovating to improve the fuel efficiency of haul trucks and
Company’s transition towards meeting AASB S2 Climate-,
,other machinery. Fuel efficiency is an important assessment
related Disclosures with the structure aligning to the approved,
,metric Yancoal considers when acquiring equipment for its
"Yancoal P4 Sustainability Framework, addressing the pillars of",
,operations.
"“people”, “planet”, “portfolio” and “profit”. As with previous",
"years, Yancoal will continue to report against relevant",
,Yancoal also understands the elevated interest from
"disclosure standards, and where information is available, the",
,stakeholders regarding the potential risks and opportunities
report will incorporate relevant climate-related disclosures.,
,posed to its business and the broader sector due to the
,ongoing global shift towards a lower-carbon economy.
,REPORTING
,Yancoal reports its operational direct (“Scope 1”) and indirect
,(“Scope 2”) emissions annually in line with the National
,Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).

=== Table 2 (page 35) ===
,,,,The level of environmental management demonstrated by
,EMISSIONS REPORTING,,,"these sites has been found to be effective, with some"
,PERIOD,,,
,,,,“opportunities for improvement” identified to improve
,2023/2024,2022/2023,CHANGE %,
,,,,environmental performance further.
SCOPE EMISSIONS,,,,
,,,,SOCIAL
Scope 1 Emissions (tCO2-e),"1,819,649","1,708,856",6%,
Scope 2 Emissions (tCO2-e),"266,753","260,260",2%,Yancoal is committed to making a genuine positive difference
,,,,in the communities in which it operates. Yancoal operates a
Total Scope 1,,,,
and Scope 2 Emissions,,,,Community Support Program (“CSP”) which proactively
(tCO2-e),"2,086,402","1,969,116",6%,engages with stakeholders at each site to support local and
ROM Coal Production (t),"43,928,044","36,440,860",21%,regional initiatives.
Emissions Intensity (tCO2-e/t,,,,
,,,,"In 2024, Yancoal contributed $2.1 million via the CSP to"
ROM),0.0475,0.0540,(12%),
,,,,"environmental, education, arts, culture and community"
,,,,"initiatives, $0.9 million of which was managed by sites and"

=== Table 3 (page 130) ===
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION,
,SUSTAINABILITY RISKS
The internal audit function is managed by the EGM of Risk and,
,"In September 2024, the Federal Government passed the"
Audit. That person has direct access to the Chair of the Audit,
,Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and
"and Risk Management Committee, as well as to the CEC, to",
,"Other Measures) Act 2024 (Cth), amending the Corporations"
whom he directly reports. The CEC and the Audit and Risk,
,Act 2001 (Cth) to implement Australia’s first mandatory climate-
Management Committee recommends to the Board the,
,related financial disclosure regime. This followed extensive
appointment of the EGM of Risk and Audit.,
,consultation with industry and relevant stakeholders on an
The EGM of Risk and Audit has unfettered access to the Audit,Exposure Draft of the proposed Treasury Laws Amendment Bill
and Risk Management Committee and its Chair and wider,earlier in 2024.
business to seek information and explanations. The Chair of the,
,"From 1 January 2025, and on a phased-in basis up to 1 July"
Audit and Risk Management Committee meets independently,
,"2027, entities that prepare financial reports under Chapter 2M"
with the EGM of Risk and Audit.,
,of the Corporations Act and meet certain thresholds or are
,reporting entities under the National Greenhouse and Energy
The role of the EGM of Risk and Audit is responsible for the,
,"Reporting Act 2007 (Cth), will be required to prepare a new"
"achievement of the risk management, internal audit, insurance",
,"annual sustainability report, incorporating climate-related"
and includes the responsibilities of Yancoal’s Whistleblower,
,financial disclosures.
Officer.,
,The Company will be required to prepare a Sustainability
An annual program for internal audit and risk assurance is,
,"Report which will need to include, amongst other things, a"
provided to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for,Climate Statement prepared in accordance with the new
approval. The annual Internal Audit program is focused on key,"sustainability standards, for annual reporting periods beginning"
operating risks and processes and evaluates the design and,on or after 1 January 2025.
operating effectiveness of associated key controls.,
,"On 20 September 2024, following a consultation period relating"
The program includes a review of compliance with the,to draft Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ASRS”)
obligations imposed by the General Rules on Internal Control,"(Exposure Draft ED SR1), the Australian Accounting Standards"
,Board (“AASB”) issued the final ASRS AASB S1 General
for Enterprises and the Supporting Guidelines of Internal,
,Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial
"Control for Enterprises, jointly issued by five Chinese ministries.",
,Information and AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures.
"Periodical status reports on the execution of the plan, including","Reflecting the amendments to the Corporations Act, the AASB"
current findings and actions are provided to the Audit and Risk,"has taken a ‘climate first’ approach, prescribing the AASB S2"
Management Committee. This includes key issues and,as the mandatory Standard to be applied by the Company and
"subsequently corrective actions that are monitored, reviewed",the AASB S1 as an additional voluntary standard.
and reported. Any material findings are reported to the Board,
,The AASB S2 requires the Company to disclose information
by the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.,
,about climate-related financial risks and opportunities that
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY,"could reasonably be expected to affect cash flows, access to"
,"finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term."
The future operating performance of the Group may be,
,The climate-related financial disclosure requirements include
affected by risks relating to the Company’s business. Some of,
,"information about the Company’s  governance, strategy, risk"
these risks are specific to the Company while others relate to,
,"management and metrics and targets, including information"
economic conditions and the general industry and markets in,
,about scenario analysis the Company has undertaken and
which the Company operates.,
,"Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions."
The Company’s risk management policies and procedures,The Standard applies to annual reporting periods beginning on
"have been designed and implemented to identify, assess and",or after 1 January 2025.
manage any material exposure to risks relating to the,
,The 2025 Sustainability Report will form a part of the
"Company’s business and sustainability, including",
,"Company’s Annual Report, along with the Financial Statements,"
environmental and social risks. The Company undertakes,
regular monitoring and assessment of existing and emerging,Directors’ Report and Auditor’s Report.
risks. Group material risks are assigned to specific risk owners,
,"Among other things, this Climate Statement will need to include"
which are recorded alongside applicable key controls and,
,the Company’s material climate-related financial risks and
control effectiveness ratings to manage the Company’s,
,opportunities; the Company’s risk management and strategic
exposure to such risks. Further details of how the Company,
,approach to managing these climate-related financial risks;
manages certain environmental and social risks are set out in,
,climate-related metrics and targets; and relevant governance
the Company’s 2023 Sustainability Report published on the,
,policies and procedures.
ASX and HKEx platforms and available on the Company’s,
website. The 2024 Sustainability Report will be published no,
,"The Company is subject to a range of sustainability risks,"
later than the end of April 2025.,
,"including climate-related, environmental and social risks. These"
"However, there can be no assurance that such risk mitigation","include, but are not limited to: climate-related physical and"
strategies will protect the Company from these risks. Other,"transitional risks, risks related to operations, health & safety,"
risks are beyond the Company’s control and cannot be,"change in government policy (including carbon pricing),"
mitigated or transferred. The occurrence of any such risks,"regulatory approvals, mine closure, Aboriginal cultural heritage,"
could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and,"Native Title / tenements, market changes, reputation, transition"
performance. The risks listed below are not purported to be,"to a lower carbon economy, technological change, fraud or"
exhaustive and there is no assurance that the importance of,"misconduct, tax / royalties, environment and litigation risks"
different risks will not change or other risks will not emerge.,linked to challenges to new or varied/modified projects and
,regulatory responses to those challenges. These are further
,outlined below.

=== Table 4 (page 156) ===
FOB / FOB Cash Costs,Free On Board Cash Costs (excluding royalties)
FVTPL,Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
FVTOCI,Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
GCNewc,"GlobalCOAL Newcastle 6,000kCal NAR Index"
GHG,Greenhouse gas
GiLTS,Gladstone Island Long Term Securities
HK Code,Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14
HK Listing Rules,Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
HKEx,The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
HKExnews,Website for regulatory filings and disclosures of listed issuers on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
HSEC Committee,"Health, Safety, Environment and Community Committee"
HVO,The Hunter Valley Operations mine
HVO Entities,"HVO Coal Sales Pty Ltd, HV Operations Pty Ltd and HVO Services Pty Ltd"
IASB,International Accounting Standards Board
IEAA,Independent Environmental Assurance Audit
IFRS,International Financial Reporting Standards
ISSB,International Sustainability Standards Board
JORC,Joint Ore Reserves Committee
KMP,Key Management Personnel comprise the Directors of the Company and nominated members of the Executive Committees.
KPIs,Key Performance Indicators
LOM,Life of Mine
LPR,Loan Prime Rate
LTI/LTIP,Long-term incentive plan
LTIFR,The Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate is the number of lost time injuries occurring in a workplace per 1 million hours worked.
MCA,Minerals Council of Australia
Metallurgical coal,A collective term applied to coal used in the steel making process
Mineral Reserve,"Parts of a Mineral Resource that can, at present, be economically mined. The two categories define an increasing level of geological"
,confidence with Probable at the low end and Proved at the high end.
Mineral Resource,The concentration of material of economic interest in or on the earth’s crust. The three categories define an increasing level of geological
,"confidence with Inferred at the low end, then Indicated, and Measured at the high end."
Model Code,Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
MND,Monadelphous Group Ltd
Moolarben JV,Moolarben Coal Joint Venture
MTW,The Mount Thorley Warkworth Mine
NAR,Net As Received
NCIG,"Newcastle Coal Infrastructure Group is a coal export terminal in Newcastle, New South Wales"
NDC,Nationally Determined Contribution
NGER,National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting
NRC,Nomination and Remuneration Committee
NSW,New South Wales
NSWMC,New South Wales Mineral Council
PBT,Profit Before Tax
PCI Coal,Pulverised Coal Injection coal is used heat source and supplementary fuel in the steel making process to reduce coke consumption.
Performance Rights,Rights to Yancoal shares with no dividend equivalent payments that vest over time subject to meeting performance criteria and remaining
,employed
Period,The 12 months ending 31 December 2024
PRD,Performance Review and Development
Protocol,Board Performance Evaluation Protocol
PWCS,"Port Waratah Coal Services is a coal export terminal in Newcastle, New South Wales."
QLD,Queensland
ROM Coal,"Run Of Mine Coal, the coal volume initially extracted from the mine"
ROM tonnes,Run of Mine tonnes
Saleable coal,Coal volume remaining after processing to remove non-coal material
Scope 1 emissions,Scope 1 covers direct emissions from owned or controlled sources; for example emissions released from coal during the mining process
Scope 2 emissions,"Scope 2 covers indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, steam, heating and cooling consumed by the reporting"
,company
Scope 3 emissions,Scope 3 includes all other indirect emissions that occur in a company's value chain; for example the emissions real during combustion of
,coal by the end users